Perhaps good product, but really poor service. My wife and I stopped here to purchase a bike rack for our Rav4. We noticed a Rav4 in the parking lot with a bike rack and asked the salesperson (Jim) if he could help us determine if it met some of our criteria (does not cause bike damage to mounted back tire; allows back door to swing open for rear access). Jim was telling us some things that contradicted information I had found online; so we asked if he could help us track down the owner. This was over the top for Jim and he made derogatory comments as he strutted away to hide in the back of the store.  My wife and I tracked down the Rav4 owner on our own and he was more than happy to share his experience and contradict Jim's "guesses" that were portrayed as fact.I had never been in a situation where a sales person abandoned me in a store before; so I contacted the owner (Darren). He apologized and indicated that we would receive a 20% discount on another bike rack that he had in stock and that I believed would meet our needs. I indicated I would think about the purchase offer, but really wanted an apology from the sales person. I was told the offer stood for as long as they had my desired bike rack in stock and that I would receive an apology from Jim. I decided to purchase a rack and followed up twice to make arrangements. Once I was ignored; the other time I was told they'd have to check inventory. I was never able to make arrangements to conclude the sale and never received an apology from the sales person. If you place importance on follow-through and commitment to customer satisfaction, I would suggest you consider other stores in the Madison area. I frequent several other stores that have excellent follow-through and place greater emphasis on customer satisfaction.
Been going here for specialty boat items for 10 years spanning ownership of 4 boats. Ordered something from a VERY helpful gentlemen last Saturday. I got a message the part had arrrived in precisely the time I was told... I show up to an empty store with 2 employees attending to a pallet of product. One asks me if I need help and I explain I'm there to pick up a special order part... He says "OK." and proceeds to put his hands in his pockets and talk to the girl attending to the pallet. 2 min later the girl begins walking towards us and asks my last name... She doesn't here me apparently and borderline yells "WHAT" at me. After repeating, she gets the part, tosses it on the counter, charges me and says, "Thanks" in a smart tone while walking away. Marine Max 1 mile away just got all of my business. You're welcome for a decade worth of business. Too bad you tossed it on a $3.16 part.
This place was a joke we rented 1 jet ski and brought it back with one scratch. I have been waiting over two weeks for him to tell us how much he's going to charge us why they have held our deposit. Hardly picks up Phone never calls back rarely is there.... Looked at all the good reviews thought it was a good place but I've had the worst experience ever.. By far the worst company I've ever dealt with.. Be careful!
We were out at the lake this weekend boating and towed a jet ski rented from Jet Action back to the dock.  Things happen, but when I called the office to help make arrangements for the couple "stuck" in the middle of the lake, I was treated rudely and told that "these things don't break down so I don't know what to tell you."  No suggestions or assistance was offered. I would NOT rent here.  Unhelpful and very rude.
JET ACTION RENTALS destroyed my view on small Arizona business and tarnished my dreams of enjoying a great relaxing "staycation" with my family at the lake.  Today JET ACTION RENTALS stole my money and left me down creek without a paddle. Ive spent five years at war fighting for this country and the small business in it only to come home and find out the real terrorists have been here the whole time. Setting up shady businesses to take advantage of the hard working American people by stealing their money. I do not recommend this "ESTABLISHMENT", for the absence of a better word, to anybody that holds any respect for the values of small business. They lack trust, justice, dignity, and dependability.My family and I were passing by their establishment when we decided to swing in and try to get a fun toy to help us relax at the lake. The man that helped us pulled a number out of his hat on what we would pay. He said "$100 for the first day $175 for the next two." Skeptical of our deal we asked to see a price book or any paperwork at all but the business had nothing to show us. We asked what the cancelation process is and he went on to tell us that "as long as we canceled before the 48 hours prior to picking up the jet ski it would be a full refund." He said he needed my driver license and a credit card to hold the watercraft. He then took my cards and placed them out of my sight and logged all my info into an IPAD to be stored. He gave me my cards back and walked me out the front door telling me I can come back Thursday to collect my rentals.  Skeptical of the whole ordeal I had a friend call the establishment 20mins after I left to price out what it would cost him to rent the same days and the same equipment. He was told nearly $30 more each day. I decided to call around and check group on only to find that every other business was much cheaper to rent from and groupon had some jetskis going for as low as $85 a day.  I called JET ACTION back with in one hour of being at the store to tell him that I was going to go a different direction and would like to cancel my request to rent. He informed me that the deposit I spent to hold the reservation was Non-refundable and he said  "it belongs to me now!" I told him that I had no idea about that and even specifically asked before I put money down if I would receive a full refund, to which he replied, "YES." He told me that that part of the agreement was emailed to me after we did our deal. I did get an email from him after I called telling me that it was non-refundable, but signed or saw nothing during purchase.
This place sucks and they lie.My nephew and his bride were here from England and my wedding gift for them was a day out on the like with jet skis.I called on Saturday sept 8th and got some Aussie guy on the phone who took my reservation for 2 jet skis the following morning at 8am, and also took my credit card info.When we arrived at 8 am the guy in the shop had no idea about our reservation. He had to call the Aussie guy, who then must have remembered me from the night before. Well it was raining on that morning and boulder highway had a section closed due to a marathon race. So the guy in the shop told me that they were not renting that day due to the fact that lake mead was closed.I'd never heard of this before, but I was disappointed and left. My nephew and his bride were upset, but we moved on. I then saw a cop, by the closed section of the highway and asked him if lake mead was in fact closed. He said no and there were two other alternate routes to get there.So this skiwi rental place flat out lied to us. I ended up renting a couple of high powered skis from their competition who couldn't believe they did that to us, and he gave us a discount. Go with vegas jet ski rental. Much more professional and don't lie to their customers and tell them the lake is closed.Btw, the weather got beautiful later that day and we all had the best day.
So my husband and I had our out drive done there a year and a half ago. Long story short and 2700 bucks later.. There are several opinions, including my husbands (a former mechanic) that the boot was not securely fastened and therefore leaked. We are long time boaters and our last out drive lasted 13 years and is now happily serving someone else. This almost took out the entire unit and it was saved and now runs better than ever by another mechanic for a mere 900! Thank heavens. These guys were sadly typical. They always had a new excuse to charge us more.. And that would be fine if they did the job, but the service was poor quality! Save yourself grief and go to Gerry's Marine instead, he's awesome! Thanks Gerry!
We have talked to you Candice and your Dad (if that's what you'd call it). No changes to my review. It takes a lot to get me to the point of writing a good or bad review. I won't bore everyone with all the details.
Don't come here for parts, they charge 2x as much, try the Internet, you save money in the long run. Supposed to be zero star but I have to put one to post  my review.
I second the review that complained about lack of availability on weekends. My sister came to visit me from overseas and the only time I would be able to go out with them is on a weekend. Guess what, all their weekends are booked for the next 3 months! Who goes on a full day boat trip during the week  I have contacted Groupon and asked for a refund. They better refund me my money back or I am disputing the charge with my credit card company! Never buy a Groupon with this company unless you plan on going on a weekday or can plan a boat trip 3 months in advance!
MUST READ AND FOREWARNEDHere's the story:Beware of the damage repair profit racket the marina operators are running with their rental products (i.e. jetski's and boats).  To begin with, the owner's son (~20'ish) is in training to run the jetski rental business (which operates separately from the boat rental business for separation of liability purposes...now I know why), but all owned by the same people.  His only concern during talking you down (yes, talking you down like you're a kid yourself) through the rental and operation process is that, "if you break it, you pay for it".  He knows every penalty cost down to the cent (down to the scratch repair cost per inch!!!) and is sure to let you know that, but 1) conveniently fails to mention how to avoid rolling these things over (which we learned is at a very low speed; i.e. less than 5 mph).  2) again, conveniently enough, he fails to instruct on how to roll the machine back if you do happen to roll it.  It turns out it takes a bypassing boater to tell you how to roll it over, and lastly, 3) no mention at all of safety measures.  No care for their liability in case someone should get hurt out there where boats are racing by.  The owner even agreed with me this piece of instruction was missing and that he'd talk with his son.Now to the fun part.My 10 year old son and I roll this thing upon coming to a stop.  Turns out the machine was apparently under water by about a minute too long due primarily to their lack of instruction to a first time rider.  Had to get it towed to the marina by the nice boaters who rescued us after we weren't able to roll up right side up because we were going against the weight (i.e. left to right and not right to left...again, would have been good to know and the thing would have been rolled back within seconds and would have avoided taking on too much water).  Story continues, getting back to the marina was a threat filled experience with the most pessimistic stance that this thing is ruined, etc.  Talk about taking a brow-beating and the implicit threat from his goons of "you're not leaving here without a credit card charged for this"!  IT'S A WATER CRAFT that took on some water, people!!!  Now, it turns out they claim they had to take the craft down to a jetski repair place in Phoenix and that repair turned out to be no more than $500.  We know the owner of the repair place and he informed us of the root cause of why the machine was not running optimally.  Apparently, it needed some kind of a fiber credit card sized fuel valve.  I wouldn't doubt the marina "mechanic" who doubles as the deck hand and general employee broke this part (because he dug into the machine himself according to the owner of the marina) to cause the need for repair.  So, here's the next kicker.  The owner, has charged $1,014 for the repair!  According to him, his guys spent time digging into the machine and who knows what else he threw in there.  His deck hand is already on the clock!!!  I can assure you Monday's are not busy to where we have to factor in an opportunity cost.  So, this is where it becomes a profit making scheme.  Lure people with Groupons and Deal Chickens, conveniently avoid explaining the real important things to first time riders, have the machine damaged, and now the repair place (unnamed) in Phoenix AND the marina operators all profit.  Do the math.  We went from renting the boat on a Groupon for $140 for the day (and only used half day) and $75 for the jetski (Deal Chicken) to have a charge of an additional $1014 for a grand total of $1229 for one of the worse customer service experiences we have ever had.  So, in summary.  A seemingly profit making scheme run by some of the worst customer service goons (and whoever their profiteering service partners are) that ends up costing a boat load (no pun intended) of money.  I think I'll stick to golf.----------------------------------------------------------------------------Aug 17, 2012:  Update -  I feel it's only fair to update the above review on the amount that was charged.  My credit card company had told me the final charges were the $1014.  However, the marina subsequently emailed me the final bill of $495, but waited two weeks to notify me so one starts to assume.  So, that's a much different perspective regarding the charges.  Although, there had been talk early on about adding in some 'overhead charges' above their normal wage for the amount of time his deck guys spent on it.  The rest of the situation, however, remains where there was no instruction on how to keep the machine from rolling over and how to get it back right-side-up.----------------------------------------------------------------------------Oct 22, 2012: Update - After discussions with the owner of the Marina, we have gracefully settled on the charges in a mutually acceptable manner without hassle.  Thank you.
Unless you've been here before, let me warn you about the "unspoken house rules": 1. Order first (do not try and sit down).2. Wait for your food while standing.3. Find a seat (if one is available).Under no circumstances should you sit down before placing an order. And if the place is full, don't try and sit down without food in your hands, unless you want to be made an example of.My wife and I (who frequent restaurants several times a week) have never experienced anyone quite as rude as the woman behind the counter at this place.  We had never been here before and when we walked in, my wife sat down at a table and I went up to place our order.Little did I know the house rules (see above) and after the people in front of me ordered, the obnoxious cashier pointed to our table and to another table (of newbies) and said to the person who just placed the order: "you can either sit there or there", with the tact of, say, General Patton. She never asked us to get up or explained the "unwritten rules" to us.  An "excuse me, but you need to order first before you sit down" would have sufficed.So, my wife got up and we walked out of this place. The food could very well be good - but with waitstaff like this woman - there are plentty of other places around town with not-so crummy service that I'd prefer to spend my money.
The crepes served by this establishment might very well be the culinary embodiment of a mind-exploding, toe-curling, orgasm.  I say, "might be" because on my recent (and last) trip there I didn't have an opportunity to sample them.  In fact, I didn't eat anything at all.Please let me explain.The restaurant is located in the basement of a building off of Walnut Street.  Customers are expected to wait in a line that stretches from the entrance, through the main dining area, to a counter where the crepes are ordered and cooked.  It's a horrendous setup for multiple reasons.  First, there aren't many tables.  When I went there on a Saturday morning, there were at least 20 people standing in line for the ten or so small tables.  Second, the restaurant expects you to wait in line, standing next to tables of patrons who are eating their food, until a table becomes free.  At that point, the woman at the counter takes the next order, a man begins preparing the crepes, and the front of the line is seated while everyone else continues to wait.  Those who have waited long enough, are finally able to sit, while hungry and impatient diners-to-be stand next to their table and wait some more.It's a horrible atmosphere, and not one conducive to a pleasant dining experience.The dining space is poorly designed, so that the line of waiting patrons snakes directly though the middle of the cramped dining area.  Which means that when you are waiting, you are continually bumped by servers shuttling food to the tables and dirty dishes back to the kitchen.  When you are eating, you are likely to: 1) have a bunch of hungry people staring at you eat, waiting for you to leave your table, so that they may be seated; andor 2) have a standing person's ass within a few inches of your head.  What a great dining atmosphere!What's all the more annoying is the lackadaisical work ethic of the people who prepare the crepes.  More than once during my wait, the man making the crepes just stood around, not making any food, waiting for another table to open, so a party's order could be taken, and he could then prepare the next order.  After waiting 15-20 minutes while hungry, becoming increasingly annoyed at being bumped at least 2 dozen times by serves traversing the line, and then seeing the owner stop making food until another order was taken, I said to myself, "enough of this nonsense".My party and I left to go to another restaurant.  I've not eaten any crepe in the world that would justify a long wait under such annoying circumstances, and I will not be back.
Closed on Monday's And closed 530 to 61 Wow. The prices on the menu don't seem that bad. But i still cant get over the fact there closed on Mondays. There is a sign posted "help wanted" so if anyone reads this and needs a job check this place out. And tell them to open on Mondays. BOOOOO, if they weren't closed I would have never found Square Cafe.
Pompous manager hung up on me twice (!) when I called to ask about wait times.  Have never boycotted a restaurant until now.  Mediocre crepes don't entitle that sort of bush league behavior!
this place is an absolute joke. it's extremely overpriced ($12 for a solo ham and cheese crepe you have got to be kidding me), the menu is extremely limited, and the food is just plain not up to par. seriously--if you're going to try to make a place 'hip' or upscale and charge those kinds of prices, you've got to make the experience worth it. i honestly don't know what the people raving about this place are talking about when it comes to the most delicious food they've ever had. the crepe i had was waaaay too salty, and their bloody marys tasted like they were made of pickle juice. neither i nor the person i was dining with were impressed, and, needless to say, we won't be showing up again.
If you are looking for good authentic french food or a luxurious treat (as it should be with such ridiculous prices) you should stay far far away from Carmon's. This place definitely tries way too hard to be something its not. If not for prior knowledge of this place I would've classified it as a diner. Don't be confused by the menus (which are on shitty clipboards for some reason..) as a high price usually denotes high quality. This is not the case here. The ratatouille was one of the worst my gf has ever had, it tasted like dirt. You pay something like $20 for a pancake filled with questionable meat cooked in a microwave. The one thing that was good was the Crepe Suzette. It was a little too sweet but was a pleasant surprise after a meal of such low quality. The one thing that really pissed off our whole party and ruined the experience was the service. I have never seen a restaurant that hires waitresses this horrible. I mean the service we received was worse than even shitty diners on local highways.  First off, when we went in there were only 2 tables occupied other than us, and we went in with a party of 5. We were not given the large table for some reason, I guess they wanted to save it for parties of 6 or more, but there were very few people in the restaurant and it was way past the normal dinner time. The waitress pushed together one regular sized 2 person table and one small 2 person table designed for cocktails and such. The two tables didn't even fit the same length and there were two giant corners sticking out in the middle of our party. We were placed in the corner of the restaurant too. Its fine to save larger tables for larger parties but at 5 people we could definitely take up the 6 person table. Also there were almost no other guests in the restaurant so we felt pretty unimportant to be forced to sit on two childlike tables. The waitress also didn't serve us water at all but rather just threw down a giant water jug and told us to refill it ourselves. She then disappeared for the entire meal and came back only for the check. Now heres the good part: When the check came we felt like the mandatory 18% gratuity was unreasonable since we didn't know about it before and also we didn't feel like the service we received deserved any gratuity at all. When we told this to our waitress she totally flipped out and said (I quote), "Well we don't need your business then, go eat somewhere else, whatever" and stormed off into the kitchen. We asked for the manager nicely and he eventually came out, but it seemed like he was more annoyed than friendly. It took forever for him to come out since he was obviously hearing the waitress talk about us before coming in. He made some excuses and eventually offered us a discount on our next time back. Thanks but no thanks. We refuse to come to Carmon's ever again. We left the discount card on the table.
This place is not there anymore.
My mom drove me all the way over there yesterday and it wasn't there.  We should have checked Yelp first.  I looked on their website and it looks like there aren't any in Arizona anymore. My mom was very disappointed.
This place was pretty bad. We got the nutella, fruits du mer, peanut butter & bananas, and the mixed berry crepes. The only one that was good was the peanut butter. I think a lot had to do the poor quality of the ingredients. Would not go back.
Ok so I have eaten many crepes in my life being born in Paris and all. So I wasn't expecting much from this place. But my oh my how much below par this place was. I ordered the St. Louise and the bf got the Fruits de la mer. Both of our crepes took over 10 mins to make, and when we got it they were both semi cold...mildly warm in the middle. My crepe was drenched in the bechamel sauce which had like no taste. The actual crepe itself was very flour-ie tasting. The deli ham and cheese helped the food go down. My bf did not enjoy his crepe one bit...what a dissapointment. Also savory crepe should never be the same price as dessert crepes (8.99). Stay away.
Getting a quick breakfast on "The Strip" can be a bit challenging if you aren't looking for a full-service restaurant. That's why I was excited to learn about La Creperie.I ordered the Bayonne with "imported prosciutto, mozzarella, fresh basil, top with bechamel." After a surprisingly long wait, out came a folded crepe with HUGE chunks of incredibly, overpoweringly salty prosciutto inside, a small amount of melted cheese, and a few sprinkles of shredded basil on top.I love salty food, but I could barely handle the massive amount of salty prosciutto in the crepe, especially compared with the mere token amount of barely basil. And the bechamel was just an added layer of gross.Epic fail.
Crepes are pricey and super bland not savory at all...
Awful! I just wanted a basic sugar crepe like the ones I had at the corner stands in Paris. 10 dollars for this basic item that cost two dollars in Paris. I paid it with a smile thinking it'd remind me of the delicious ones in France. Not even close. Overly dry, and the guys serving it appeared miserable.
EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!worst crepe ever!! i got the standard nutella with berriescream....it was disgusting!
This crepe is positively creepy. Burnt, hard around the edges, veggies in middle were cold.  They are so busy they don't care. Concept is good but they definitely new quality control based upon the other positive reviews.
My boyfriend and I were craving something sweet and small so we decided to come to this tiny shack place. We ordered Bayonne and Napoleon Dessert Crepes. Portion is good to share with one person. Personally I rather have ice cream Crepes than just fruit Crepes. I don't like savory Crepes because it tastes weird. It's like eating something hot fruits. Well the reason why I don't like the Bayonne is because the pork tasted funny and it was full of cheese. A little too much cheese for me. For $8.99, I'd rather just get something else like a slice of cheese pizza. The person who took our order was kinda rude. (not to us, but to the people in front of us) The family in front of us doesn't speak English, so they didn't know how to order. They had a difficult time pronouncing the name of the dish and the cashier was rolling his eyes and rushing them. How rude...I wouldn't come back.
This was the worst crepe place I've been to. The crepe was overpriced. The crepe itself was really rubbery. They used frozen fruits instead of canned fruits and the whipped cream they supposedly made themselves were awful. In addition to the crappy crepe, the cashier was rude and didn't tell me my crepe was ready and had left it just sitting at the counter when it was made.
Wasn't like it used to be. I had the nutella crepe. It was crispy instead of soft and pillowy. I'm surprised to say that there was too much nutella to crepe ratio. Banana was fresh. Whipped cream was awesome as before. It's not the same as it used to be.
i've been here twice.  this place is confused.  my 12 year old son was totally unimpressed after they completely screwed up what he ordered.  the staff are maybe too focused on the whole hippie schtick to realize that paying customers don't really care about the staff's identities and really just expect to get what they pay for.if you need a coffee andor food, walk around the corner to kopi.
I saw a cockroach here once.  Their ciabatta bread and crepes are almost delicious enough for me to look the other way, but I'm a little too grossed out to ever frequent this place again.
Worst Crepe !!!!!!! Being an European cafe if they don't know how to make a extremely simple Crepe, don't know what to write. We ordered 4 crepes, and they all were bad, uncooked crepe, very little filling. We are having stomach aches as well. Tried calling them and they kept us on hold for over 15 minutes..Weird!!!!  Don't know about other stuff but crepes are HORRIBLE..stay away if you are going there in the hope of a good Crepe as we did....
stop selling  day-old items as fresh and lying about it! c'mon!
I was dismayed by the poor service at the VetMed location.  After purchasing a pricey Roasted Red Pepper w smoked gouda soup, I was handed a cold soup and told to heat it up in the microwave.  Unsanitary and unprofessional.
hardly authentic, the food is decent, the staff are rude and completely lacking knowledge of what exactly a real crepe is.  Actually the chef as well.
Crepes are overpriced and disgusting.  It was like $9 for a crepe that was filled with nothing.  Service was non-existant.
I was going to eat there. While I was choosing what to order, and after my wife had sat at the table, we were asked to leave the table for someone else.Meanwhile there were plenty of people sitting at their tables talking over empty plates. They have double standards. We left the place and are not thinking of going there anytime soon.
I had high hopes for this restaurant when I walked in. It has the typical decorations of any hibachisushi place and it was nice, but the food.... I ordered a spicy salmon roll (the Mt. Washington roll) and it was just salmon and rice, regardless of what the menu stated and had no flavor at all. I also ordered a rainbow roll that was also lacking. Apparently the server thought I said salmon roll, not rainbow roll and proceeded to make me feel like a jerk for wanting what I actually ordered. The sushi is bland and tasteless and to tpo it off, I got sick after. As much as I really would love a new sushi place in my neighborhood, I'll be going to ones further away. Skip it and head to Sushi Too on Walnut Street, you will be much happier overall.
I had high hopes. I got delivery and specified no shellfish and a different soup. I know they read this because I got the different soup that I asked for. HOWEVER, my sashimi appetizer came with a giant shrimp on top and my chicken hibachi came with shrimp as well. Wha!This was through Wheel Deliver and they fully reimbursed me. This is dangerously irresponsible and I'm, luckily, not allergic.
Changing one's name does not change the fact that the establishment still exists. I've experienced the WORST service with "The Sushi Room" now Rock Lobster. I purchased a Groupon a few months back to eat sushi with my daughter and that is where the horrible service saga began.Making reservations is an absolute joke! When I first purchased the Groupon, we made the reservation as required in the fine print. We arrived 15 mins early and sat outside. 15 mins later our drink orders were taken. Another 10, the drinks arrive and we order. We sat outside for 45 mins with NO food and no real service. The restaurant was NOT crowded! When I requested to cancel the order and pay for the drink I drank, I was told my food was almost ready. Not quite, I'm leaving! We were offered the food for free, but by this time I was quite upset because I was hungry and irritated. Stuck with the Groupon, I was forced to use it before it expired. Thanks for nothing Chase Bank!Today, I had my mother call and make a reservation for 5:30 pm and she was told they only had a 5:45 pm open. Upon arrival at 5:35 pm we were told that we had no reservation. Hmmm. Really! Why is this the same girl who provided no service the last visit And why does the sign on the wall state that Teppan ressy's start at 5 pm Could the night get any worse Hmmm, let's see:- With the addition of the Teppan, the waitress should ask whether or not a guest wants a regular or Teppan seat. Don't automatically walk me to a tray table (too small for 2 people). I made a reservation for the Teppan table that apparently NEVER made it to the book- You have happy hour, but I could only get HH drinks at the Teppanyaki table. Suggestion: Make a special "Teppan HH Menu". This might serve your business well- No real Vodka or decent beer options; at least not for me. Absolute Vodka and Bud Light are low budget. Step up your game- While it is restaurant week, I had to request the RW menu. No bueno- We were told we could sit anywhere at the Teppan table however, should more people arrive we'd have to move down. Great! Right when my a$$ has warmed the seat. Though Benihana's has gone downhill, this place could learn something. Seat people correctly the first time. I'M NOT GETTING UP ONCE I'M COMFORTABLE!NOTE: I actually saw her ask a family with a disabled child to move once others arrived. Rude and unprofessional. The family was there first and shouldn't have been asked to move. If anything, the incoming family of six should've been sat at the Teppan table in the back.- The waitress barely came to inquire if we were ok or if we needed anything. And being the nice person I am, still left a tip. Shame on me.- And last but not least, when I showed her the Groupon she went to touch my phone. (Excuse me! You're in my personal space and attempting to touch my personal property! No bueno!) I will mark the Groupon as redeemed. Don't ever touch a customer's phone. BUYER BEWARE! NEW NAME SAME OWNERS (APPARENTLY) AND SAME WAITRESSES, WHICH IS HARD TO TELL WITHOUT THE CHANGE IN SERVER ATTIRE (FROM BOOTY SHORTS TO BLACK PANTS AND A BLACK UNIFORM T-SHIRT)....THE ONLY THING THIS PLACE DID RIGHT. NEVER AGAIN!
Me giving one star is gracious. My roommate and I went here tonight. I have been to this restaurant when it was just the sushi room and loved it! However tonight was different. I made a reservation for 630, the hostess asked us to sit at the bar while they prepared the table,and then sat 12 other people at the table before she remembered the two of us. When we sat down we ordered, the waitress took forever to bring the soup which was Luke warm at best and tasted like soapy dish water. The salad didn't come until the chef started making our food. This was good. But as everyone was receiving their fried rice and steamed rice,my roommate and I noticed we had not gotten our steamed rice. We had to ask another waiter for rice.I had new York steak and shrimp. My roomie had chicken and filet mignon. My steak was over cooked I asked for medium rare. Her chicken as well was over cooked. Neither were seasoned barely at all. The shrimp was good tho. Unfortunately after I saw the owner ask a table full of people who were done eating and chatting if they could please move because while they appreciate their business there were people waiting. I knew my complaints would be irrelevant.Needless to say I'm disappointed in the food, the service, all of it. And will never go back for tempanyaki. They have alot of kinks to work out.
Yuck! Specialty rolls were definitely nothing special. Tasted like a packaged California roll you buy in a grocery store. The $9 short ribs were cold and super salty. When I told the waiter all he said was "sorry" and walked off. Maybe the Teppanyaki is better but if you want sushi or hand rolls drive east 10 minutes to Otaku!
Very bad customer service! Look out for the lady ismara behind the counter. She is the wetzel pretzel devil!
I walked up while the manager was cashiering. He was talking.inappropriately about a girl who.asked for an application and made it very awkward when ordering. I dont appreciate sexist people so I'll order from Auntie Anns now.
I was very upset, not with the quality of food but with the quality of management. I witnessed a manager say inappropriate things about a young girl and spoke about Wetzels and how they determine who works there. I'm sorry - but if she bought a pretzel and asked for an app, there's no excuse for rude behavior. Also, before you make snide remarks about customers, you should realize that customers pay your measly salary. Auntie Anns from now on.
Walking through the mall, sometimes you want one of those soft pretzels with dipping sauces they are serving up.On this particular occasion, we ordered the sour cream and onion pretzel with the nacho cheese and salsa dipping sauce, a garlic pretzel with nacho cheese and salsa dipping sauce, and a pretzel dog.I can't remember much else because within 15 minutes of finishing, I was in search of the ladies' room.  Stomach cramps, chills, and the sweats...ran to the toilet and out it went.  Bad cheese, perhaps(I do still visit other pretzel locations when I'm at the mall, this so happens to be the only time I visited this Auntie Anne's location.)
The pretzels didn't look so fresh, and the shift leader has an attitude.
Worst service ever. Buy 2 pretzel and large drink and get free pretzel, and display pretzel cups and don't honor that such false advertisement. Not a happy customer. Then they start arguing and getting defensive. If I could not give a star I would. They need to fix this. Use a pretzel picture instead of the pretzel cup
Just like earlier reviews , I received an attitude and bad service. Don't want to honor my card and after I downloaded my apps, don't want to do it.  If there is a lower star than 1, I'd happily give it to them
I don't know if it was an off day or the time of day or what the issue was, but I didn't like these pretzels. I had been wanting to come by here for years and finally made it in. The amount of salt on these things was ridiculous. I like salt on pretzels, but this one had too much. After scraping off most of the salt, I went back to the pretzel. It was rubbery, cold, and difficult to get into manageable bites. Think of those microwave pretzels you get from Sam's or Costco. Now overheat one of those pretzels and put it in the refrigerator for an hour. THAT is what my five pretzels were like. I disposed of most of what I bought as inedible.I am going to try one more time and stop in at opening time to see if that makes a difference.
Here's the truth. There is no inside seating, and the outside seating is limited to two small tables on a noisy, high traffic street. The pretzels were all cold - even the ones we asked them to heat. Service was also "cold" and unhelpful, and the cashier seemed as though we were bothering her by asking questions.I had a chicken salad sandwich on a pretzel bun ... Nothing special. My husband had a cheeseburger roll that was cold, even though he asked that it be heated.  We had to ask for dipping sauce as it was not offered to us.This is a place to maybe pick up some pretzels to take home and heat up ... Definitely not a lunch place as some have suggested.
Extremely poor customer service, "management" with typical fast food worker "i don't care" attitude.
This review is for the pepperoni and cheese pretzel. Without a doubt the worst pretzel I ever did not eat. Awful . I bought this to have as a late night snack. This has to be a mistake as the dough has a sweet sugary taste with an  apple smell and microscopic thins slices of pepperoni and maybe something related to cheese in another life. After a few bites I could no longer convince myself that my taste buds were acting up and had to face the fact the thing was obnoxious and I could not eat it. Place looked fine otherwise I would not have purchased the pretzel and if I has eaten it right away I'm sure I would have swapped it out . But a review is a review and this is mine and my sad experience with the cheese and pepperoni pretzel.
Awful.  Pretzel dog was soggy and gross. Cream cheese frosting for cinnamon sugar sticks was weird.  Other stuff we tried was soggy as well. Probably would love if drunk.
Ewwww. Salted pretzel tastes like pancake on the inside. Yuck. I threw it away.
The display was great. That's why I wanted to try. But the taste is totally awful. The pepperoni pretzel doesn't even taste like pretzel. Oily and tasteless.  It tasted like uncooked dough. Totally a waste of money.
I went to Tempe Paintball a while back with a group and was extremely unimpressed with the lack of safety rules. We've done paintball before at other places and "fingers on the triggers" in other places is a giant no-no when you are outside of the game area. This place has no rules on it or does not enforce it. Kids need to be taught right away to always be safe. The staff didn't seem to care about it, which made my group feel very unsafe. I did like the facility but when this happened we decided to never go back. We love paintball, but we will find another place to go from now on.
Paintball aspect was fine a dandy, the young guy inside the arena was very helpful and welcoming............................................... but the experience before made me not want to spend my money there.I wanted to treat my younger brother out for his birthday, so I dropped him and our cousin off to get started. I left and ran a few errands before I joined them, but when I returned about an hour later, they were still sitting in the main area on the tables. I asked them why they weren't already playing, and my brother said they told him there was no available equipment yet. No equipment available there was only a handful of people there, so I went to the front to see what was going on. Well I waited, and waited, several workers saw me, and then another group came up too, suddenly someone was there and asked them first if they wanted to play.. I of course spoke up and said I had been waiting before them and the kid finally helped me, but didn't show me the same helpfulness.We watched the video then walked to the back to get the equipment, I looked around as the kid was getting everything, and they had a whole wall full of paintball guns and safety gear... I asked if they were all working and available, the kid said yeah. hmm... really. If you haven't guessed it yet, I'm brown.Teach those kids some manners and educate them. Obviously they have some personal problems, otherwise your business needs a "whites only" sign on the front door. Never going back, and never recommending it.
Got this as a gift from Groupon....it was actually alot of fun...we knew we would get our butt kicked by a bunch of 12 year olds....but with that being said....they give you a 10 minute orentation about the rules which all make sense. the people managing the field do nto pay attention and inforce these safety rules. teams are not matched fairly....a bunch of 12 year olds agains a pro team....a guy on the other team stuck the barrell of his fully auto paitball gun under my face mask after he was shot out and shot me in the face. after i was out i proceeded to leave the field with my hands in the air ( as instructed) and the same guy unloaded about 15-20 rounds on me within 5 feet which again is against the rules. i questioned the guy on why he did it and he grabbed me by the shirt and proceeded to instigate a fight.  ALL OF THIS HAPPENED IN FRONT OF A YOUNG BLONDE FEMALE STAFF MEMBER WHO DID NOTHING! the staff didnt do much about this other than appologize and offer me a free visit. they contunued to let the violent gentelman stay and play when he should of been kicked out. there was also a dad and his 3 kids that  questioned the staff about the rules not being followed and they ended up leaving due to carelessness from the staff. needless to say....it would of been a ton of fun if the rules given were monotored. WILL GO TO ANOTHER PAINTBALL FACILITY NEXT TIME.
Absolutely horrible experience. I would give half a star if possible. It is overpriced for the size and style of arena. It is understaffed and unprofessional. I dropped my gun off to get work done and before I left to go to Tempe paintball to pick it up I notified the one employee on staff that I would be coming. When I got there I arrived to a locked door and after calling 17 times, knocking on the door for nearly 15 minutes and standing outside for nearly 20 minutes and leaving 2 voicemails I finally got my gun back. I will never return to Tempe Paintball nor will I ever refer a friend or enemy there... That would just be cruel. If your looking for a good place to go go to Westworld Indoor Paintball. It's a little bit of a drive but WAY more worth your money.
This was the "Worst" Paintball field I have ever been to. There are only two fields, very tiny. The fields were Nasty my shoes kept getting stuck it was like walking in mudd but worse. A few times i almost fell over trying to get my foot from being stuck. They do not clean up the left over paintballs, looks like the paint had been on the field for years. my husband normally slides but it was impossible to slide and move around. I was not impressed at all but because my boss paid for the entry and paint for us and its "Paintball" I still smiled and tried to make the best of it. The only thing i enjoyed about this place was the people, the staff was very nice and took an interest in getting to know you. honestly do not waste your time on this place pay the extra few bucks and go to xtreme paintball on craig or Pahrump paintball complex.
Terrible!  I'm glad that I didn't pay full price and bought the "Zombie Experience" off of Groupon because I would have been even more frustrated if I would have paid full price for 10 minutes worth of running. In my opinion STAY AWAY and just get on the treadmill for 10 minutes while playing arcade game it's much better and MUCH CHEAPER! Keep your money people and do something that's worth the time rather than running for 10 minutes and shooting a crappy gun.
I played all over the West Coast, and by far this is the worst place I have played yet. There are several things which have been a determining factor in coming to this conclusion. 1. The staff was not all on the same page- when I asked about the Chronograph speed, the girl at the counter told me 250, I asked some kid in presumably the manager, and he tells me 285, then I ask one of the "Refs", and he tells me 300; Ok2. Safety doesn't seen to be at the top of anyone's priority list; for rec ball or any style of play, no one should be lifting their masks on field, and people should be walking around with their barrel covers and fingers OFF the trigger- get the picture- Basic Gun Saftey. This place was lacking enforcement.3. Why even have a ref if heshe is not facilitating games The supposed ref was doing nothing more than walking around the whole time I was there. Customers were pretty much calling the shots on field, so what do they really know about "paint checks"- making sure a player is actually hit- Nothing. In summation, I didn't feel safe or taken care of at all coming to this place. GO ELSEWHERE. Note for experienced player- NO 4500 fills either
Was overcharged in April 26, 2014.  I called several times and finally got a call back from Kelly 2 weeks later.  She told me to email Eric and I would get my money back that I was overcharged.  It's been a week.  No call or email from Eric.  Why did I think I would get anything other than no results!I would say that they do not know what customer service is.  If you pay, pay with cash or risk getting over charged and good luck getting your money back.I will let all I know to do something other than go to Cowtown.  What a pain in the neck.
This review is specifically for the DFS cleaners at this Giant Eagle location.  I dropped clothing off for the sake of convenience once (I really should have known better).  Never again.  My items came back completely covered in lint.  I could let this slide, however my pencil skirt was safety pinned to the hanger.  The weight of the skirt caused even larger holes than what were placed there by the pins.  Being that it's a pencil skirt designed to have a blouse tucked in, there's no way that I can wear it again.  This was an expensive skirt, completely ruined.  Very disappointed.  Again, this review is just for the dry cleaners.  The rest of the store is actually better than a lot of other GE's I've been to in Pittsburgh.  Just don't take your dry cleaning here.
Been yelled at by other customers (today for instance)...place is super ghetto...avoid at all cost. Today, left a full cart bacause a woman (with a baby in a stoller) shouted at me for "cutting in line". Will never go back. At night it is a nightmare.
Food poisoning a la Tomato Bisque Soup.Forever skeptical.That's too bad, I don't mind paying extra for better produce or better brands. But, I KIND OF mind getting extremely sick, so sick that anything I ever would vouch for goes down the toilet, with my vomit.
everything is a cluster.  the store.  the parking lot.  the people -- customers included.  full-on cluster. barely any parking for a massive, heavily polluting pick up truck.inside: avocados are the price of gold, and there are no goddamn vegan taco spices at a place that's supposed to be so fancy.  meh.  go to market district where they keep it real.  real classy!!!
the parking lot  this wholefoods is an ABOMINATION!  to compound the issue, whole foods allows their purveyors to park on centre ave (a road that is already miserable enough to drive on) and block traffic. this past monday, a shearer potato chip truck was blocking the right lane. doesn't whole foods have a loading dock i wrote an email to the district president and he had one of his store minions respond: "you can park  walgreens". sorry, i am shopping  wholefoods NOT walgreens. translation: whole foods developers were TOO CHEAP to buy the proper amount of real estate. dont even bother coming here fri-sun unless you like a clusterF*** lot full of zombies. this is the 5th WF i have shopped  (4 in florida) wholefoods should have opened in the south hills. the demographics out there would support it. this wholefoods is BUSH LEAGUE!
I have tried Whole Foods recently even after hearing about the attitude of the butthole, hipster employees and presumptuous, anti-bourgeois customers that will literally push you aside a turn their noses up at you a million times. The rumors were true!!! Even though I was only there one time, first impressions are a bitch! The selection is great! I can't afford any of it, but it's great! I have never seen such expensive rice! Here is the bro-down...The food: Plentiful and too expensive to even think of buying. The freshest fish that isn't in the Strip...but you need to take a second mortgage to buy fish for a family. I bought sushi rice, a piece of fish and a salad, my bill: $25! The salad with lettuce, carrots, chick peas, onions and about 5 pieces of chicken was $11+The employees: Hipsters with thick-rimmed glasses, tattoos and facial piercings that slack like I have never seen "workers" slack before. In fact there was a sign above some fresh fish stating "We will prepare you fish any way you want, just ask" HA...HA! When I asked to have a tiny fish to be filleted (something that would take me about 10 seconds at home) I was scoffed at by the so called fish monger who was obviously not a trained fish monger, but got his job because of his Progressive music of the soviet era bachelors degree . It took him the better part of 20 minutes to fillet a f-ing fish! All I got was a chopped up piece of crap that was useless. And scoffing is what these people are good at. Pushing your cart down the aisles is like running a scoffing gauntlet. Staff huff and puff when you get in their way! The cashiers just stand and talk to each other or run to get organic iced tea to drink WHILE they ring you up...they don't even do that at Giant Eagle!The other customers: This one is a peach! If you're not pulling in a good $60K a year you are dirt to these people. I was at the salad bar (it is a good salad bar, but expensive) an older woman in a mink coat bumped, no, pushed into me then stared at me and turned her nose up at me, can you believe it She actually turned her nose up at me! Others in the aisles will grunt like cantankerous old people if they can't get through. They push ahead in line, give you dirty looks, and act like it's a class struggle...it kind of is!So unless you have a lot (i mean A LOT) of disposable income, have never needed to use coupons, drive a $50K car (parking is terrible there), are the president of the United States, CEO of Microsoft, a widow whose wardrobe is more extensive than the explanation of the formula explaining an event horizon or a hipster who looks poor, but lives off daddy and mommy (though they'll never admit it) you shouldn't and really won't be able to afford this place...but why would you want toI'll stick with Trader Joe's for my alternative market, thank you! I prefer employees with edges that are a little rough to ones with pants so tight, I can see their junk.
I always thought 1-star reviews on Yelp were written by bitter, resentful people who had nothing better to do than just complain. But now I feel their pain. It really doesn't hit you, until it... hits you.You pay a premium at WF, you expect a premium, right Well parking is part of the shopping experience. It's why they have parking lots in the first place. But never mind the atrocious parking lot and not being able to easily maneuver in it.I'm talking about being TOWED. Towed, not for leaving the parking lot, but for legitimately shopping at WF. Yes, this could happen to you too.Upon contacting the towing company, they demanded $135 (cash only) to return my vehicle. Upon contacting WF (since I was a legitimate shopper there and didn't leave the lot) they just shrugged their shoulders and just told me the name of the company that managed the lot.And that's it! $135 is no chump change, but it seems like WF wants me to carry an extra $135 every time I frequent them (thankfully, never, since I don't live in Pittsburgh). This whole parkingtowing situation is extremely shady, but the only company I'm going to point my finger at is Whole Foods for doing business with such a shady complex and passing the burden on to its customers.Tip: Bring an extra $135 to pay for parking, or just go to Trader Joe'sGiant Eagle for a better parkingshopping experience.
I loved it, parking and all, after all, they had Palak Paneer! Mmmmm. It was tasty. I spent a lot, but I was ok with the occasional splurge. the second trip, i again bought my hit foods Palak Paneer and it had obviously gone over. Ever have whoopsies after green Indian cuisineIt's off my list now. Forever.
Awful.  I didn't know how bad it was until I went to a different GE and saw how good it could be.  The lines are long, the produce selection is minimal, and the store is overcrowded.The last straw was yesterday when the cashier blew her nose, stuck kleenex up her nose, then put it back in her pocket and continued to scan groceries.  When I complained to the manager, they denied any of their employees were sick.I'm done shopping at this store.
This Giant Eagle maybe the worst supermarket I've ever been to. There are thugs hanging out by the entrance and in the parking lot. The interior is dark and dank and has an outdated "made in the 70s" feel. With options like this I don't have a problem taking the extra time to drive to Trader Joe's.
Scariestshadiest grocery store experience in my life. Hubby and I pulled in only to see a few cars down, people selling who-knows-what out of their car trunk. Also this is the only Giant Eagle tht gives you a really hard time if you ever forget your advantage card and give your phone no instead (it works at the other ones just fine). Then we leave by waiting for a really dazedswaying woman to finish wandering around back and forth in front of us, and pass by a drive-by fat cash exchange (drugs) on our way out of the parking lot. We are definitely scared to return, and will never need grapes (or any other groceries) so desperately again.
The store reeks of rotting fish, the security guards watch you like a hawk and the food selection is the worse I've seen in any Giant Eagle in the city.One plus if you must shop here there are plenty of jitney drivers waiting for you to come out to offer you a ride.  That can be a big help if you are like me and don't have a car. "Need a car" haha some things about living in the hood just never change. With this being the closet G E to Downtown and PNC Park and Heinz field I would think they would renovate but it's been years and still no change.
Awful.  Worst grocery store I've ever been to.  To make it worse, they are supposed to open at 7.  At 7:10, I was told they were "still getting ready to open" and I should come back "around 7:30"
The store has a weird rotting meat smell sometimes. The selection isn't amazing but there are a few interesting items here. As other people commented there are always people hanging around outside.... But they are friendly at least to me! One thing I like about the store is the proximity to my house. The biggest let down is the sky high prices that I think GE is notorious for... I miss Kroger
Zero stars Really terrible store. High prices, THE WORST PRODUCE EVER (And no, it isn't the lighting...) and rude employees. Never mind the people hanging out out front and in the parking lot, who cares. What I'm truly concerned about is the vast discrepancy between this store and very nearly all of the other Giant Eagle locations in the Pittsburgh area. One would assume that there would be some quality control within their chain of stores. Truly sad that the North Side has so few options at which to shop for reasonably priced, fresh food. Also, enjoy getting followed around by the walleyed "undercover" employee. Looks like Lurch from the Addams Family. Good riddance.
So I got a call from Giant Eagle asking me to give my opinion of this store. My recommendation was to burn this place to the ground. Buckle up for crappy produce, rotten fish, old meat, and security guards that speck you be stealin! This is the Gh**to Eagle!
Sadly really went downhill. They switched to a new vendor, the prices went up and they are no longer having sales.
This store is so gross that I was almost sick! Onions peeled and half-rotten. Squishy garlic. Dirt everywhere. I will NEVER step foot in this place again.
Ugh...don't waste your time or your money!  I would have given it zero stars but the Mei Fun and the Pepsi were actually decent.  The buffet has the typical Chinese fair but the only thing I could come close to suggesting would be the fried shrimp, Mei Fun, and maybe the sweet and sour chicken.  Skip everything else!!!!Don't even think about eating the sushi.  I was feeling adventurous so I grabbed a few of the sushi rolls that I easily recognized (california, cucumber).  One of them tried to crawl off the plate before I got back to my seat!  The rolls were chewy and just plain gross, makes my stomach turn to think about it.Service was polite and good on the refills.Enter at your own risk!
Not very good. Dried out food. Some things cold, when they should be hot. Disappoined overall. Not clean, either. 11.99 per person not worth it.
This place is absolutely filthy. We were here last year and we decided never to go back but we thought we'd give it another try. Went for dinner tonight and was disgusted. There was old dried up rice under the tables against the wall just piled up. Wet napkins were wedged under our booth seats. Under the buffet lights, you can see splatter of food from the last decade. While I was eating, a waitress emptied plates into some bus boy buckets and some fell on the floor and she kicked it under the cart! Tons of garbage and food under these carts. Blech!! Then all the food was cold and hard. Bathroom was a hellhole. No idea why a restaurant owner would keep their place in this way.
Absolutely horrible experience. We were seated and drink order was taken by that person. Few mins later drinks were dropped off by a different person who said waitress would be over to take our order. Then 10 mins later someone came over and asked us if we wanted appetizers which we did and ordered Crab Rangoons and Spare Ribs. This person said someone would be back to take our order. Never happened. The apps came out and the guy said again someone would come take our order. So we ate our apps and still no one. No one even acknowledged us, I had to flag someone down and I said "I think our waitress has forgotten about us..." The man says "what you want" ummm to order Hes like "Yes, what you want just staring at us, no smile or apology. So we ordered and got our food about 10 mins later. Had to wait forever for our check. I think we had a different server every time someone stopped by. The Crab Rangoons were simply not Crab Rangoons. There was no cream cheese flavor whatsoever. I am not sure what they were, but not what I was expecting. The Shrimp Fried Rice tasted ok but the Shrimps were full of poo. Not deveined and completely packed with poo. Just disgusting. Wonton soup flavor was good but the actual wontons must have had a teaspoon of ginger in them. Strong and not really what I was expecting in a wonton...Whole dinner sucked. To top it off there was vomit all over the womens bathroom floor. No idea why this place was full. Many great chinese restaurants around, this is not one.
This place is bad! The service is bad, the food is bad and the prices are high! With our party of 4, we had a similar experience as Christina L. Where different waiterswaitresses would come by and awkwardly take our order, then someone else would bring out that order and then someone else would arrive to help us further.. The crab rangoons were very small and tasted generic, like something I could buy frozen at food lion and the shrimp in our meals ALSO were not deveined... And every dish we ordered was flavorless and bland... The only thing I enjoyed was the wonton soup! And then at the end of our meal, around 9:45pm we stayed at the table to chat.. Being cautious that the restaurant hours printed on the door said they close at 11pm.. A waitress came to us at 10pm and said that they were closing and they needed us to pay now... O_o  So we got up to pay and leave and the cashier man ( looked like the manager ) was so cold.. He never asked how the food was or anything, just "this how much!" And swiped the cards... Such a waste of money and time.. Worst Chinese food ever!
No go. Bought the Groupon despite the other reviews and decided to give this place a try. The location, atmosphere, and service were all good so no complaints there. The food however was not. I ordered the general chicken with brown rice and an egg roll. The chicken was all slimy dark meat and the flavor was nothing like general sauce but rather 100% strong garlic. I wasn't able to even eat hardly any of it because of the brown slimy meat. My husband ordered the garlic beef and he did not like the sauce at all. It had zero garlic taste, was way too thick, and overall wasn't very good. The egg roll was soft and mushy and is a shrimp roll so not your typical chickencabbage type. The place was super busy and I had high hopes, but ultimately the food itself was not good and we will not be back.
Restaurant is closed.
This buffest reminded me of a Las Vegas buffet except all the food gave me heartburn.  I'd been to a hometown buffet before so when my bf suggested it I relied on my memory of the experience and agreed to go.  Unfortunately my memory must have been jilted by the occasion or this Hometown Buffet was just bad, I dont know.  what I do know is that the food is cheap, about 10$ per person.  It is also soft.  And by this i mean everything is overcooked.  And it all gave me heartburn that lasted all day.  So will I be back  Maybe in about 10 years when I've forgotten about this experience.
I went here once with a friend.We had the lunch buffet which was average. Until, I saw two cockroaches crawling around. Not, even your normal cockroaches but, gigantic cockroaches.I couldn't eat anymore but, for some odd reason my other friend did.
went here with my bf and his friend. came in at 7pm. took 10 minutes for someone to even realize we walked in the door..then took about 35 min to even get our food. they didn't seem very friendly. luckily, the food is pretty good [i've eaten indian food in europe before and it almost stood up to that.] i just didn't care for how slow they were.
Placed a take-out order of vegetable pakoras, shahi paneer, garlic naan, and papadum. Did not receive the pakoras at all, the naan was COLD (not even lukewarm), the papadum was burned, and the shahi paneer was crappy. As your lawyer, I advise you to become a patron of any other indian place in the valley but this one.
Based on the reviews went here for Lunch, they had Buffet with one Meat and 3-4 vegetarian dishes for around $10. Tried palak paneer but the paneer(cheese) itself  was missing the dish, it was like having chicken curry without chicken. Long story short the food lacked the taste that you find in good Indian cuisine...
They did not make a great first impression and I don't think I will be back.  I took some friends to try Indian food for the first time. The service was not good at all. We had to go to the kitchen to get service for our drink orders. My friends enjoyed the food although I have had better.  But the naan was good.
The appearance and cleanliness of this place is really nice, however there isn't hardly any variety what so ever for there buffet. There is one table of food and that's it and most of there food was cold and tasted exactly like those canned foods that you buy at the grocery store. Price is outrages for what they offer as I went to golden corral with my spouse, and spent the same amount, exact same and got a ton and I mean a ton of options, and best of all there food tastes great! Sadly I do not and would not recommend this place to anyone. If you are looking for a buffet try golden corral or the mandarin, but don't be lured in by the appearance of this Indian place as you will leave disappointed.
Cockroach on table (and a neighboring table). Lamb super mealy. Wine bottle "opened" in back and then brought to table with cork from another bottle. No apologies. Just arguments. You've been warned.
What are you in the mood for  I truly suggest this place if you're looking for grade D salad and such AND if you want to leave in a clinically depressed state of mind.Pros:  All you can eatCons:  Why in the world would you want more than a biteEvery different lettuce bowl contained gross amounts of browning greens.  While the spinach looked and tasted fresh, the romaine was not, the parmesan was the kind that resembles anthrax or cocaine, the dressing was uber-salty and quite disgusting, the bacon bits contained no trace of pig, and there was no protein other than cubed ham to be found.  While I can see how the entire soupsaladpastafruitpizzaice creamtacos package might be worth $7 and change, this was a horrible buy for a person looking for a salad with some ample protein.  When your name contains the word "salad," don't you think you should offer some good greens
I should have read all the reviews before sitting down to eat.  Well it was 5:30pm on a Sat night so you would assume that everything would be fresh.    Shame on me for assuming things.   The soups were horrible and looked they had being sitting there all week.  The pizza wasn't even pizza but crust with sauce on it.   The iceberg lettuce was a mixture of lettuce with chunks not even cut up yet.  I love Souplantation Sweet Tomatoes and I have high standards for anyone else tryiing to be a Salad Buffet.      I would have given this place a half a star but the manager was nice enough to refund my money so it gets one star.
Best of the Souper Salads in the valley. Gotta get dat taco bar, son! There's plenty of buffet places but they're all so expensive I couldn't eat my moneys worth if I tried. You understand what I'm saying I love soup. There's salad. Stay black NBC. Right, Gina Marooney
Two of the the soups look like they've been sitting there all day your server never even greets you or gets anything for you so why tip
Oh shit!  Literally.  I was at this location on Sunday night (22507) and it was horrible.  The first thing we noticed was that there weren't any dishes.  It was like nothing new was being washed and brought out for customers to use.  Then the place started to smell bad... and then we noticed the waste water bubbling up from the floor drains behind the salad bar.  It was like something out of a horror movie.  We left in a hurry... a drainage grate in the parking lot was flowing with more raw sewage.  It was amazingly gross.  Any good experiences I've ever had in this place are moot... I'm never going back to this location again.
I have noticed the trend in all the location but today was the worst.  Coffee was cold and the cream was warm.  The lettuce had a faint smell of bleach or   There was almost no breads out but a few drier ones.  I took one and it was cold and soggy.  No one cleared my table or even spoke to me though there were people doing that at other tables.  The frozen desert, chocolate, had no taste at all.  It was cold, creamy and without any flavoring.  The lady at the registered dropped 2 large stacks of glasses (all glasses are plastic or paper).  She and others picked them up from the floor and stacked them back up.  I watched as they gave them to the new customers.  What do you think would be on a floor There is always lots of food but they obviously care nothing about food temperatures or bacteria on their dishes. I will not be returning.
CLOSED for good.  Lost their lease, building to be torn down. Closed, closed, Closed, closed, clothes, clothes, clothes, clothes, clothes.!
I shan't be returning.Their festive signage caught me on the way to another venue for lunch, and I thought "why not Chinese"  I'll tell you why; or at least, why not to select this buffet.Being greeted on the way in with a "You are on camera" sign sure is welcoming.  I was quickly greeted, though, and directed to my seat.  My drink order was taken before I even sat down, which was nice.  Too many buffets have you walk in, sit down, select a beverage, stand up, and proceed to self-service, and it was nice to save a couple of steps.But then I got to the food.  Nearly everything had the congealed look of having been out too long; the skin on the surface of the sweet-and-sour sauce was rubbery and at least a half-centimeter thick.  Not exactly appetizing.  I did, however, find some acceptable-looking specimens and returned to my table.The warmest of the foods could only generously be called lukewarm; most of the chicken was marbled with glibbery wads of fat, and all the sauces tasted sugary and generic.  I could literally not tell the "orange chicken" from the "sesame chicken" from the "pepper chicken" by any sense other than sight.The rice was room-temperature, but I barely know this because as I was forking a mouthful of rice together on the plate, the alternately obsequious and intrusive waitstaff tried to take my plate out from under me (though, in retrospect, they may have been trying to save me).The fruit selection, which I also sampled, looked fine, but was in fact soggy and also room-temperature to lukewarm.They have a somewhat vast dessert selection -- particularly for a buffet -- but I'd more than had my fill.Walking toward the register, there was a prominent sign re-advising me that walk-outs are recorded and will be reported to the police and prosecuted.  There were three more similar signs at the registergift shop (!).  Again, very welcoming.I won't be back, unless I'm told they're under new management.
I should have kept driving when we pulled in and there's paramedics with a huge Fire Engine in front of the restaurant with gobs of odd looking people standing around the commotion.  I wanted to look at the food before agreeing to sit down and at first glance it looked pretty decent compared to other chinese buffets I've been to.  But if I can offer one piece of advice, dont go there on Fridays for lunch....apparently every Friday morning they host the local nut house for a meal.  Don't get me wrong, it's a nice gesture but after being in the middle of two pretty intense verbal altercations that quickly turned violent, I knew this was going to be one of those experiences that I would write about on Yelp!  There were at least 50 people from the rehab center inside the restaurant trying to get food from the substandard buffet.  I should have also noticed something was "up" when I saw all the rehab vans parked in the parking lot.  But trying to keep an open mind, we continued to sit down and tried to eat our meal.  There were a lot of people shouting at each other and arguing, lots of mentally ill people glaring at us almost in an antagonistic manner.  Besides all that, the food was not super hot and was pretty gross and NOT cheap!  I would NOT recommend this place for it's food and especially not on Fridays if you don't want to get assaulted by a local mental patient.
Went by this place last week and it is now closed down..Looked like they are preparing to raze the building.
OK. Do not judge me. Do not send me scornful, hurtful messages. And do not preach to me the hazards, both socially and physically, of eating at buffets. Because, frankly, I've done that to myself already. Eating at Mexican buffets was part of the bf's growing up days in San Antonio. One day he asked me to go, and since he's irresistible to me, I said yes. Upon entering Pancho's, I realized it was like a Mexican Chuck E Cheese. More kids than you'd find at Mia Farrow's house. Running in between and around my legs. Screaming, laughing, crying. Totally out of control. And this is all while we're standing in line. Suddenly I find my throat to be dry, irritated and burning. Why is there a white haze wafting from the hallway Oh. Some darling little child had activated the FIRE EXTINGUISHER! Yea. And mommy was too busy ordering her Dos XX to notice. You'd think this would have sent us running. But we persevered. I thought I'd be safe and get a taco, enchilada with beans and rice. All were simply horrific. Malo. Horrible. No bueno. The more I recall this day, the more I feel a need for a buffet support group of some kind. Hello, my name is Thomas. I ate at Pancho's. HELLO THOMAS! Good bye Panchos.
This was probably one of the worst mistakes I've ever undertaken, and I'm including that apartment in the ghetto I signed a lease for because it was "quaint" and multiple men I really shouldn't have given as much of a chance as I did.Boyfriend and I thought we'd relive our childhood involving Pancho's from when we lived in North Phoenix and went to the one by Metrocenter. I had a birthday party at that one, and my party went to see Buffy the Vampire Slayer before eating (I'm talkin' Kristy Swanson here... yeah, totally super sweet). We both recalled fond memories of raising the little Mexican flag to get sopapillas.Walking in, and seeing that margaritas are not served as they should be, it was the ultimate in regret. me: "Let's just go to Arriba. They don't have margs here, and that's really the only reason I wanted Mexican."man: "Oh, come on. Where's your sense of adventure I think I'll have a beer. (seeing look of disappointment on my face) Ohhhhkay, do you want to go to Arribame: (downtrodden) No, I guess we'll stay here.We exit the line, $20 lighter, and find a seat. This place is filthy. The server, who calls me "mija" at least 18 times, I find delightful for the first time she says it. Then I hear her saying it to all of the other females at her tables. Cheating bitch. The extensive salsa line looks awesome, and I perk up a little, like, maybe this won't be so bad.WRONG. WRONG. WRONG.It WAS bad. Everything was bad. The half naked children screaming, the white people everywhere thinking this is the bees knees of Mexican cuisine... it all adds up to probably the worst dining experience I have ever had. We promptly went to Arriba and drank a marg very quickly to forget about the pain.
Been their once and would never return.  First it is not a buffet.  It should be named "Pancho's Mexican Kitchen Line."  This place makes Taco Bell seem gourmet!  Everything is low grade and perpetuates the stereotype that Mexican food is of low quality.  I am Mexican-American and used to changing peoples view of Mexican food because I am a good cook.  But this has to be of the lowest quality I have come across.  All the Filibertos, Ramiros and Armando's are extremely better than this place.
Are you kidding me!!! Do they really call this Mexican food!!!! WOW, cant believe its food. Only thing i liked in there was the sodas and the sopapillas, that's it. Everything else was not a pleasant taste!!!! I would not recommend this place what so ever!!!
I went there with a coupon for BOGO buffets. My stomach wishes I hadn't. Some of it was better than other. The service was great. The cheese Enchiladas were disgusting. The Sopapillas were good, the icecream was funny tasting. With the coupon it was still about $17 for two with two softdrinks and a tip, so I say skip it and go somewhere else. Your stomach will thank you.
Over the years this place has experienced a sharp decline from a place people used to want to take their kids for birthday parties and dinner after church on Sunday. It now is mostly crowed by those who are just looking for cheap food and a lot of it. Poncho's used to run commercials stating they were an all you can eat buffet but during my last trip I noticed that the eat all you want spirit had been crushed and thrown out the back door with the trash. Seriously with as much time as it takes for them to see your little flag on the table and to bring you the food item you requested you will lose intrest or just give up and and hit the taco bell drive through on your way home.The server I had did her best to keep up with the huge level of requests she was being given but seemed tired and mad most of the time. Kind of made me wish I could just go up there and just get what I wanted just so she would not have to. That is the way it used to be and I wish they would go back to that policy but they will not because they know you will eat less that way. The one thing that would make me even want to step foot in the door would be the basket of chips and salsa they give along with the little pillows of goodness also known as sopapillas that are served with honey. To be honest most kids will still like this place as they do serve food that they like such as tacos and also have a sundae bar with soft serve ice cream and tons of toppings. But if you are like me and do not want to have to suffer for cheap food just skip this place on by.
Okay beside the fact that this is not real mexican food it was just sad to even call it food, on my first visit i made it my last the food is disgusting but i managed to eat something. . Then on my way out was the worst part i went to wash my hands and the bathroom was the worst thig i had ever seen there was vomit and shit everywhere seriously a health and safty violation please don't bother bringing ur family or friends here unless u want diarrhea!
Do you remember how Pancho's used to taste Keep that memory and don't go again.
I made the mistake of going here on a whim. Awful, shitty bland Mexican food. A waste of money and my butthole was angry with me.
Mexican food should not be served buffet style, it just doesn't do it service.This place isn't even traditional buffet, you don't serve yourself, per say.That said, this is not Mexican food. Imagine Taco Bell trying to open a sit down Mexican restaurant and then doing a worse job than you would expect. That place would still be better than Pancho's. The only thing I even kind of liked there were the sopapias (or is it sopapillas).If you like canned nacho cheese, frozen tamales and diabetes, eat at Pancho's.
I don't enjoy writing bad reviews, but I love bowling & it'd be nice not to have to travel to Gastonia or Charlotte to bowl. There must be a reason this place is always empty... even with its dirt cheap prices. With that said, I went once a few years ago and vowed never to go back. The floors are so oily, I slipped or fell on my walk up every single time!!! I wasn't able to find the 6 lb. ball within the already limited selection. Food is limited and all fried, that's not a good thing either. I couldn't wait to leave, I remember thinking: this place is trying to kill me.Please just increase your prices and invest in some upgrades.
Im not sure what the hell people are smoking before they come here to give this place anything more than a 0 star... I literally hated this place. I usually go to the one in Tempe, which is very nice.. Okay so this place blows... the staff is running around like animals not tending the guest and its just chaotic... so we start and the lane isnt work, its not starting the balls dont come back when we throw them and the gates are randomly coming down before we throw the ball, or before the ball hits the pins WTF The food is expensive... as expected since the others are.. but seriously we paid for unlimited bowling for 2 hours and stayed for like one hour. Also all the balls... well unless you have little kids thumbs, or giant hands, they wont fit the balls.. which in my opinion is like the  1 thing when bowling... having a ball that fits... oh well. The lanes are oiled to hell and you feel like youll slip every time you go down to bowl.. thats awesome.. pay 15.00 to fit my fingers into smaller holes, break my neck while bowling, have the ball get blocked by a gate, and not get served wow.. i know ill never go back to this one at least.
Why can't the attendant understand a simple direct questionCan someone please tell me just where the Hell I'm supposed to put my freakin' drinkand worst of all ... my balls don't fit in this place.*one extra star for the bartender offering me her personal lighter *minus the extra star for not having any matches
Not recommended if you're not white. For me, it's the third time somebody threw out racial slurs at my group. I am beginning to think the place is for rednecks and the like. D&B bowling lanes are better.
AMF BOWLING at Desert Hills Lanes: Customer service is terrible. No respect to the customers. I did not like Mr. "FRED"(I think he is the manager of AMF Bowling Desert Hills Lanes) angry racist abusive behavior towards his customers!! I dont recommend AMF bowling at desert hills lanes.
It's been a sad experience ...really!Went there with my girlfriend on a Saturday evening and signed up for the 15$ special that includes 'UNLIMITED PIZZA', 2 hrs of bowling and shoes. The bowling experience was regular and the guy at the counter did the needful for which I was generous with the tip.NOW THE FUN PART WAS THE 'UNLIMITED PIZZA' . I believe this was some kind of a joke.1. The unlimited Pizza only includes the Pepperoni and Cheese 1-topping options and none other. my girlfriend wanted the veggie option and guess what.....u need to pay for it seperately...2.  I was okay with the 1-topping... but They wouldn't give you any pizza......hahahahahahahha....U need to request them time and again and again and again and again.Beers are also expensive at 7$ a tall.All in all we walked out of the place even before the allocated 2 hours.all in all it was a HORRIBLE experience.If you wanna bowl try the other locations and incase you have to go this one make sure you don''t go for the unlimited pizza (lol) deal and maybe just stick to bowling.
I have been bowling on a league at this location for 2 years.  They were bought out this last year and it sure went downhill!!!  They are short staffed, never anyone at the food counter.  Plus I saw the person behind the food counter cough directly onto food, which I told the manager.  How disgusting!!  I will NEVER have food there!  The staff just doesn't to care like it used to with the old owners.  Plus now they charge for coffee for league bowlers!  They never used to before.  It's just gone downhill!  If it wasn't for my wonderful team members, I would go to Brunswick!!!
Our experience at this bowling alley was mixed - the pizza and waitress were great, but the management had severe shortcomings.  Just as a background, our group loves experiencing new activities and new locations across the entire spectrum of international travel, fancy dining, stamina sports, down to bare down-to-earth deals. While we don't mind spending a few hundred dollars for a single meal, we do mind it when a vendor does not uphold their promise - it's the principle of the thing - otherwise, what's to stop vendors to perpetually bait and switch We made a reservation for 7 people at this bowling alley to make use of a coupon that promised unlimited bowling and unlimited pizza for $11.95. The fine-print stated that this price might vary by location. So when we made the reservation, we asked them if they would honor the $11.95 price, and they confirmed that they would. We called a second time to verify the price (since some on the group might have agreed to the outing based on the price), and once again, they reassured us that the price would hold. When we arrived for our game night, they reneged and said $15.11. We asked them to look in their appointment book and see who promised us the price on the phone. The person in charge that evening said that the initials in the appointment book were undecipherable, so that he couldn't tell which staff member promised us the price on the phone. We asked him if we could talk to a corporate number to see if they could give him the authority to honor the coupon. He gave us a number and allowed us to waste another 10 minutes only to find that the corporate office was closed (did he not know their hours) Long story short, they had baited us, we were counting on an evening of bowling and pizza, and ended up wasting 25 minutes talking to the person-in-charge and paid them $22 more than we had budgeted for, plus gave them additional revenue via the beers and milk-shakes that we ordered. Among other disappointments, the men's restroom did not have paper towels at the beginning of our evening and the seating for the bowlers was sub-par - far worse than other alleys we've been to.
Horrible service .... everything here keeps breaking down . I was here for 2 hrs and only got through 2 games because of lane issues will definitely be going to Brunswick now on.
Ok i love bowling. And my friends. Wanted to go so i had never been at this place i like it till i went to the bar the first lady was nice. Then i went again and the second. Bartender. Was super. Rude i was talking to someone and asking him why did they close the lil food area and she went off on me she event went to go get the cook so he could tell me. ..... but she was really. Rude cause i wasn't. Event talking to her and ill never go there again the customer. Services. Suck :(
Horrible service. I waited in line a good 15 mins to ask a question with two people at the shoe reg. One which was doing nothing, when I tried to ask, they kindly asked me to wait.... so I did. When the person in front of me was done,  they skipped over me and took the next person... um hello.... I found it very disrespectful. Maybe training staff on customer service is a must... just sayin
This bowling alley is very poorly run. The manager is pleasant but inept. We pre-paid one game of bowling for four of us-two adults and two children. We found out that the bumpers had to be either up or down, so all of us had to bowl with bumpers up. The bowling balls kept getting stuck. When we finished one game, we went up to let the manager know that we wanted to bowl another game. She said we were not quick enough to let her know. We needed to inform her before we finished, so she had already rented our lane to another party of bowlers. If I could give this place no stars, I would. Bowl somewhere else!
If I could give this place less than one star, I would. I have no idea who gave this place high reviews but they must either own the place or be time travelers from back in the day when this place might not have sucked. The decor is tired and grimy, the place reeked of smoke, and the bartenderserver was surly, to put it mildly. We went there on a Saturday night with a mind to try the Irish food. Apparently, we were out of luck. I've always thought that the secrets of restaurant success is to actually stock food for people to eat. He told us before we ordered that they had no "pies". No chicken pot pie, no shepherds pie, etc. So, we gamely tried to order other things. We placed our order. My wife, for example, ordered the Irish stew and he came back 5 min later telling us they were out of that and even more things for several people in our party. At that point my wife picked out a third option, ham and cabbage, only to be told again that "they were out". At that point, realizing that the only food to be had in the place was what was crusted on the menus, we asked to pay for our drinks and left. They actually then gave us flack for not having enough to put it on a debit card. In short, unless you like your dinner with a side of disappointment and depression, I'd probably avoid this place like the plague. Speaking of the plague, I suppose we should thank Mr. Surly for inspiring us to walk out. I only have two bathrooms at my house and would've been hard pressed to accommodate several violently ill people at once.
Take it from me; avoid this place at all cost.  The only time I go is when I am starved and don't have the energy to cook or get edible food.  And then after I have been kicking myself.
All I can say is the worst! We were the only 2 people in the place for lunch, the place was freezing and loaded with kids toys! 2 bicycles, a scooter, and an electronic keyboard graced the dining room. A fish tank with filthy, slimy fingerprints smeared all over it is there for your enjoyment.Our food came... no water to drink, no tea, medium temperature food. Of course its cold, just like the room, I never took my jacket off! The plates are too small, you food spills over onto some semi-clean tables as you sit in your completely worn out booth seat. The fried noodles were out of a box and nasty, the shrimp was mushy, the fried rice was bright yellow.We asked for water, they brought us 1 in a SOLO cup for 2 people. I asked for hot tea, they said 10 minutes. What Chinese restaurant does not have hot tea available upon requestOver all.... my first and last visit to this place. The only good point was that it was cheap, and deservingly so.
We went on a weeknight.  Place was not busy waited over 20 minutes for drinks and to have our order taken.  We ordered an app and it came out with the meals and that was another 20 minutes or so.  Food was luke warm at best.  I would not go back.
Garbage spot. They sold me the wrong case that I needed for a gig that night then I called back n said hey you sold me the wrong one can I return it so I can go get the right one somewhere else since you don't have anymore and they say "nah man store credit only but we can order it" shady ass people
Wish I could give no stars. BEWARE! If you contact JODI and decline her services you just may be harassed. She was rude and had a Very nasty attitude. Please take the time and read the email she sent me after I said, thanks we no longer need your services I also asked her to stop all emails. Her services were defiantly overpriced. Besides unless your over 45 they most likely don't play your genre.On top of the emails she left nasty voice mails. This.This was her reply:From Jodi: Thanks for the VOTE of confidence!  Of course you'll see cheaper rates but you should also be thinking about level of service too.  Just saying.  Trust me I will NOT EMAIL you again.  I just want to say thank for insulting what I do for a living and the priceless memories Sight & Sound Events creates to our clients. I hope you get everything you pay for and more on your wedding day.  My response:MAYBE if you weren't so overbearing you may have had a customer. I will be sure to post your comment as I review yourCompany.Enjoy it when I post it!She continued to harass me and sent another email.From Jodi: How could I have been over bearing when it was you who insulted us.  Really    I had no shot of winning you as a customer because you didn't want my help even when I offered to be flexible.  Brides will see that I tried with you and that when it comes down to finding the right fit for your wedding, there's a lot more than price to consider.How professional, I don't care how many awards you have if you lack customer service which is what is required to run a successful business. And this is coming from the CEO of the company.
BEWARE, If you contact this company to get a quote and then decide not to use their services the CEO will continue to harass you. I asked her to stop emailing me because we no longer needed services and were sent two nasty emails from her. How professional to argue with a client through email, don't waste your time. She has a bad attitude!
I had used Birkett Entertainment upon a recommendation from a good friend.  I held a non-profit gala at the Phoenix Convention Center and was surprised at how rude the office manager Denise was.  I was accused of asking too many questions - worse than a bride.  Questions like, what time is the DJ going to be there, Can the DJ talk to the Convention Center folks as they needed to ensure they had his needs met.  You see, the first DJ quit after I had many details settled, then trying to re-establish the details with the new D, it was met by Denise ultimately telling me never to use them again.  Although the new DJ showed up late and delayed the start, he was courteous and responded to my requests.   To all my friends and connections.  Never use these folks.
Notice how the reviews are for the Kids Quest at the Palms. The one at Boulder Station should be avoided.If you are planning a visit to Las Vegas this review will apply more to you than locals. My 14-month-old son and I accompanied my husband on a business trip this past Labor Day weekend and to prepare I checked out indoor play gyms through Yelp and found Kids Quest. The reviews were positive so I went to the Web site and it all looked legitimate. We stayed at Planet Hollywood and it was quite a drive to get to Boulder Station. When I arrived at Kids Quest I was told I would need to provide my son's immunization paperwork. This detail is not listed anywhere on the company's site. I told the clerk I didn't have my son's papers and she said I would just need to fax it to them within 14 days.I have been to several indoor play gyms including Gymboree and JW Tumbles. I'm not sure if this is specific to Nevada but I've never had to provide immunization papers.Then the clerk proceeded to tell me that my son could not have his snacks but that I would have to pay for snacks and drinks provided by them. I was still going to let my son go inside despite the hassles and a feeling in my gut that this was not a good idea when the clerk told me I could not accompany my son into the play area. That was the final straw. My son was already upset and I wasn't about to let him be taken into that place by strangers.
Avoid this Kidsquest Boulder Station location and go for other locations at Las Vegas if possible!I was extremely dissatisfied about the child care service provided to my 19-month old baby from this center. First, during her 5-hour stay, not food nor drink was provided or attempted to be provided to my baby. My baby was crying like crazy when I picked her up. I need to give her formula immediately. She consumed it non-stop and stopped crying after that. I read the check-out form and no mealsnackfluid was noted. Second, when I checked her in, the staff said a meal will be given to her since she will have a 5-hour stay from evening around dinner time. Obviously, it was just a lie. In addition, I was not reminded at all about the additional charge if I pick the kid up late. I was charged $25 even I was a few minutes late. Finally, the staff over there were totally unfriendly. I was treated like I have been giving them trouble. Their attribute was unacceptable and they were irresponsible for my kid's stay. I called the customer relations department and told them all these. They said they are going to research and talk to the director of this center. I will wait for their callback and may need to escalate this to Nevada Department of Health and Human Services of their inhuman treatment to my baby.
Dirty gross, all the bums hang out here. Avoid!
Lame... Haunted my a$$!!! This place is like any other park with lots of kids playing.
TERRIBLE SERVICE,   They told me they had the bikes for rental, then they did not.   DO NOT GO HERE.   Very rude.   When I called back to complain, they hung up on me.
Way too many people on this trail. Don't Go!!
Hiker beware. I was robbed at 3:00pm in the afternoon at one of the most crowded parks in the city. I won't go on and on about my tragedy, just know the police told me 3-4 cars are broken into here every week. I'm so disappointed the park doesn't tell you there are thieves on the park grounds watching the behaviors of hikers with the intention of breaking into their cars. The cash, credit cards, emptying my bank account in the span of an hour is hideous, but taking irreplaceable personal items is heartbreaking.Don't trust the park to watch your car or fellow hikers.
When you go, you sign up, wait a really long time, get a 4 minute safety video, get geared up.   Then you go in with small groups of 4-5 people.  Just like everyone says, in your 1 hour session you get maybe 3-4 minutes of actual air time.  Its pretty fun but...not much time.  Most (98%) of that time the instructor is holding on to you.  Wife listed this as one of her top 3 events while in Vegas (and we did a lot).  As for me...I had fun but thought it was way not worth it for the little air time you get.A suggestion for the shop:  get a reservation system so we don't waste all our time waiting around.   Hint, don't go here unless you get a $10 off coupon in just about any vegas booklet.
Hostess was very awkward when seating us. Sat us in the corner in a small booth with a broken seat right up against another large party. The place was by no means busy. We sat and waited for someone to acknowledge us. We watched 4 members of the wait staff each attend to the 4 other tables and not one of them ever acknowledged us or came over. After 15 minutes of being ignored by staff, we got up and walked out. It's a shame too... we liked the looks of the menu and the bar list and specials. Don't think we'd ever come back after that. There are plenty of other places.
pricey, pricey pricey and it isnt that good!
one of the worst steak sandwiches i've ever eaten. there were 7 of us and the only people who liked their food were the kids and the one who had the pizza. i would never eat here again
We just ate there on a Friday night and the whole experience was a disaster. Rude, unfriendly, just a miserable male server. Drinks were lousy , service was lousy, food just o.k., nothing to write home about, and at 9:00 on a Friday night they were putting chairs on the tables and vacuuming, hinting it was time for us to leave. The whole experince was horrible... and the bill was outrageous.  Save your money and Go somewhere else!!!!
I am not being hyperbolic when I say that my last experience here was the worst food experience I have ever had. I have eaten at Bado's before and have had pizza that was pretty tasty. So when my roomate wanted to go there, I was pretty excited. There were 4 of us. Two of us had burgers while the other two ordered wedding soup and shared potato skins. My burger was delicious. It was juicy and smothered in bleu cheese. While my food was really good, there were some issues with the other items ordered. Two of my guests cited that the wedding soup had a metalic taste to it while my other friend with the burger found a hair. Being a hairdresser and understanding that it does happen sometimes, she disregarded it and continued to eat her burger. Unfortunately, the hair did not stop there. Another guest found several hairs in their meal as well. We decided that we should let our waitress know. I stopped the waitress and explained how there was hair in two people's food. The waitress got upset and was very rude (it's not like we accused her of planting the hair herself). On top of this, she mistakenly took my burger and walked away with it, leaving the sullied food on the table. When she came back I told her that my burger was not one of the items with food on it and she instantly became defensive. At this point we asked for a manager (who never came) and insisted our meal get comped. Considering she threw out the only good food that we ordered, we didn't feel like that was asking too much. Luckily the waitress did not put up too much of a fight. I will never eat at Bado's again. A good cheese burger and a decent pie isn't enough when the staff can't even accept their own (human) mistakes. I have been places where there have been food issues before and I have also worked in a restaurant. I completely understand that mistakes happen. However, the reaction that we received was unacceptable.
I will never go back. Besides the gnocchi coming from a vacuum sealed bag, they offer a " Pittsburgh Sandwich " they don't know how to make. Served fries on the side and bagged coleslaw. Fries were an afterthought due to the pickle found underneath.  watched a young waiter spill two drinks, or e on a customer.  Same waiter after avoiding a table with cash payment, waiting for them to leave so he could pocket the change, finally got them change, as soon as they left he pulled out his wallet and put the tip inside.So unprofessional. Food from a box and under trained staff. Not if they begged would I go back.
Sorry, but I stopped in this morning to get my lunch because I knew I would be too busy to go out for lunch.  Got a Greek Salad.  First of all, there was no lid on the salad, it was wrapped in plastic wrap... What Anybody could put anything in there without too much trouble.  Second when I went to eat it, I threw most of it away because the lettuce was brown andor wilted.  Not going back again.  I didn't spend all that money for garbage.
I was walking my small granddaughter (not yet two) and when I passed I decided to go in to pick up some shrimp for my son.  I waited quite a bit of time in line for the shrimp, then again to check out.  When I checked out the woman at the register told me that they did not accept cards for purchases under $5 and since I had no money with me I told her I couldn't get the shrimp.  THERE IS NO SIGN ON THE DOOR STATING THIS OR I WOULD NOT HAVE WASTED MY TIME OR MY GRANDCHILD'S IMPATIENCE GETTING THE PRODUCT.  PUT A SIGN ON THE DOOR SO PEOPLE CAN EITHER PASS BY YOUR STORE OR GO TO THE BANK ATM PRIOR TO ENTERING.  I will not be back (the woman was rude).  I have been there before, making much larger purchases, but never have been aware of the restriction.  PUT A SIGN ON YOUR DOOR WHEN THERE ARE STORE CONDITIONS I LOOKED FOR ONE ON ENTERING.  Restrictions are understandable, just not when you fail to publish them and I waste my time.
I *used* to think Donatelli's was a great place--they're incredibly cheap, the premade foods like crab raviolis are delicious, and they have awesome chocolate covered pretzels and biscotti.Then I saw one of the deli members drop meat on the floor, pick it up, and stick it right back in the case! Also, a whole tray of meatballs and sauce from the hot bar was spilled all over the floor. They just scooped it right back in and I only hope it wasn't served! The place smells awful and the workers are grumpy. There's a lady there who's always screaming and cursing and some fat guy that's just as bad. The LAST experience I had with Donatelli's was when I bought a tub of "freshly packed" soynuts. I got home, cracked a brew, and reached into my beer snack to find a WORM!!! If you value your health as I do, do not eat anything from Donatelli's that  was packed there.
Jane is so right. The food and prices may be great, but who wants to eat dirt with it I've seen someone mop the filthy snow tracked floor then put the bucket of water on the deli counter. No thanks. I'll pay a little more for sanitation. There are other Italian grocery stores close by.
Bought expired food, went to return it and the owner said expired food is fine...........hell no
Update:Unfortunately the management has changed hands. It is no longer an authentic Pakistani restaurant but like any other Indian restaurant with colored dishes and tasteless food. The owner is very courteous and did his best to impress is but to no avail.
I recently bought chicken from the restaurant for takeout and to my surprise when i opened it at home it was dry like a rock, filled with olive oil as if they are passing it as fresh chicken, we threw it away,  even my dog wouldn't eat it.  They were selling it as a whole chicken, cut up and I kind of suspected something when I noticed the cook was picking the chicken from some covered place and didn't see a whole chicken cut up in front of me!Left over chicken from the day before should never be sold to customers and pass it as fresh chicken, they should be glad I didn't drive back and throw the chicken in their face. I would never buy there again and I hope the health department looks into their practice. If you don't have fresh chicken to sell customers, just say that! Don't sell me something old, you won't feed to your own family, you just lost a long time customer!
Poor, moody service. The place is religious. Chicken is bland and dry. Fries are great. Gyro is good.2 gyros, 1 side of chicken: $30.  Ouch!Terrible, distracting music.
NO, NO, NO!!!The Friday through Sunday Buffet here is advertised as $9.99 on the website but when you go to pay (after you ate) it's $12.95 per person!!!  I complained to the owner to & asked her to fix the website & she just gave me a bunch of double-talk!  Can you imagineABSOLUTELY NOT OK!!!     :-O
Ordered the Buffet, the food was cold, I told the waiter never got back with me. Upon check out, one of the waitresses asked me how was everything, I told her the food was cold in the buffet, she started making excuses, never said sorry and never offered to not charge for the meal. Poor customer service and frankly hazardous food that is sitting in the buffet for god knows how long.
Worst food ever. Never go there!!!! Went there and had a gyro sandwich got diarrhea right at the same day. I heard similar stories frm my friends and family member  different times of their visit. We ll never come back!!!!!
Called ahead take out order. Stated I would be getting a smoothie when we arrived, but the woman taking my order forgot to tell me the smoothie machine was broken. As I'm consoling an upset toddler she is motioning for me to sign my cc receipt. Really, my hands are full, and my order is not even ready yet. Salad was soaked in dressing. Called back, yes all to go salads are served with dressing on them, so beware, you have to eat it ASAP or have a big soggy mess. (That's what I get for stopping at Jamba Juice on the way home)
Loved the food here before but was so disappointed yesterday when I went in for the dinner buffet and they said they don't have it. It is still on their website. I drove all the way from queen creek for it :-( please update your website.
Awful service, first time I have ever walked out of a restaurant. 10 minutes to get drinks, while one server just walked around very dirty looking and not helping take orders. Food is to average for poor service!
I was looking forward to trying this place out after reading all the positive reviews.  I walked in today at 11am and waited at the counter for nearly 5 minutes for someone to acknowledge me, take my order etc.There were a few people sitting around watching TV (not sure if they worked there)  and a few people in the kitchen who looked out at me.  I said hello  And no one responded, came up to the counter etc.The location is so crappy I honestly expected the service to be super friendly.  I was so wrong.Some d-bag regular came in and barked his order over my shoulder while I was there and the kitchen and they didn't acknowledge him either.I literally waited 5 minutes then shook my head and left, it was possibly the worst customer service i've ever seen in any place, ever.I can't stand restaurants that are run like this.  I don't care how much i'm paying, $5 or $100 for a meal I refuse to put up with it.If the people that were working and ignored me were the owners it's clear that they could care less about customer service.  If it's hired help, they should all be fired and replaced.Take some pride in your restaurant!!!  I won't return here.
went there yesterday, i have never reviewed a restaurant but this one is so bad that i feel that i have to. i went here with my family and it was the worst excuse for middle eastern and pakistani food that i have ever seen. the owner is extremely rude, looks like he doesnt want to be there and isnt responsive to half the things that you say to him. we went around 4pm and there was not a single person in the shop other than the owner, then we sat down at the wobbly, sticky, and dirty tables and werent even offered menus or anything, we had to go up and get them from the counter. this would be fine if there was a large sign that had a list of all the foods they had to offer and what not (like at taco bell or something). i ordered the shrimp basket, it said that i would get 25 but i barely got 20 (i can forgive that) but none of the shrimp had been deveined, when i asked the owner if they forgot he said that they ordered the shrimp breaded and dumped them in the fryer. i couldnt eat them so they all went to waste and even when the owner saw that he did not apologize for it. then i ordered the falafel wrap, that was another thing that had been dumped in the fryer and put into a piece of bread. the whole thing was soggy and i was barely able to eat that. the rest of my family ordered kabob plates and the kabobs were over cooked, and the tiny portion of rice that cam with it was drenched in oil, probably so they would only have to cook rice once every 3 days. overall, dirty restaurant, soggy overcooked food, rude owner. DONT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY HERE. probably good food if you are drunk or something. it might have been a good restaurant in the past, but not anymore.
Since this restaurant first opened, it has been a favorite around our house. The owner put a lot of effort into the food and was always in a funny mood. Today (March 14, 2012), before leaving with an order, I learned that there is a new owner but am unsure if he was the surly man behind the counter. when we open the food at home, the falafel was burn't beyond edibility or recognition and the hummus tasted like chalky paste. Nothing on the plate was edible. It's so hard to count on good, affordable food in Las Vegas and this is the latest fatality in the downtown food scene. R.I.P.
My co-workers and I work downtown and we attempted to order a late lunch from Kabob Korner today, and let me just say I have never experienced such poor customer service in my life! I don't know who answered the phone but we were advised that they were out of hamburgers, hotdogs, philly cheese steaks, chicken fingers, basically everything on the menu. When politely asked what was available on the menu the gentleman advised that he didn't have time to go through the menu and became agitated. After attempting to explain that we were not trying to be complicated just attempting to place an order the gentleman stated "hurry up you are taking to much time and we have other people waiting to order!" Thank you but no thank you we will no longer be ordering lunch from this establishment.
My husband and I went for a late lunch and tried the chicken kabob wrap. We were not impressed. It really did not have a lot of flavor. It was really very wet and drippy. I needed at least 6 napkins, which thankfully are on the table. Maybe we ordered the wrong item. But, how can a place mess up a wrap The place didn't seem very clean. The table was sticky.
I loved this place last time I came here , but this time they have a limited menu n the wait is more than 1 hour,  never gonna come back here again!
The service is awful but besides that the owner has a very smart mouth on him and is very rude. If you show any concern he seems to want to punish you and say your order wi take 1 hour and make u wait. He is very inconsiderate and literally a smart mouth. He charges extra on the bill so make sure you check your biil. Food is nothing to brag about. And with his attitude not worth it all.
Honestly the food is good.  I have to give this review because the person behind the counter is staring at me while I eat and I can feel their hate for me coming off in waves.  I'm not sure why, but I'm positive he is imagining my death. Also the table is really sticky.
under a new management.Food quality and quantity went down. got pricey.No one to clean the sticky tables. so unhygienictaste: No Good.wait time: 1hourguys at the counter are staring and have no respect for the customers.better to find a new place.
Real talk, I just got out of the bathroom. I have an iron stomach and this place gave me issues. The sauce on my gyro was above room temp. The veggies on it were wilted and the tables were sticky. There was also an unusual smell in there. Almost like a sewage smell. Usually I give places a second chance to sway my review but I don't think I'll be going there again.
Food,staff & service all very very poor.interiors very depressing.u are better of cooking Indian food at home it will turn out better than anything served at this place
If u r spice lover then stay away from this restaurant. Food was pretty stale.As far as deserts are concerned, i tried "Rasgulla", not sure why they made it so hard... worst part was after i paid the bill and was coming out, i saw the server ( waiter ) picking up glasses with all the fingers inside it.
Might be the worst Indian food I have ever eaten.
Went in for the first time on Wednesday, with two other friends for the lunch buffet, around 2.15. Not knowingunderstanding that this place closes from 2.30 to 5 pm. The lady told us that they're NOT refilling anymore so we could see if whatever was left over was OK to pay full price for. With the amount of food that there was left that would've been a no-brainer. So I asked her if she meant no more 'lunch buffet price' or NO more period. No apologies or feeling bad for rejecting unknowing customers. Food MIGHT be good, but these people sure don't know how to deal with customers professionally. ESPECIALLY when it comes to rejecting customers.
Never had Indian food before, my husband took me to this restaurant.The waitress came and I saw her hitting something with the menu, I ignored it but then I saw what she was trying to hide it was a cockroach on the wall by my table.I walked out never taste their food if they had cockroaches in their dining area imagen the kitchen
never going back. The food was really blend, went with a colleague for lunch buffet, every Indian place I have ever been to at least had good chicken tikka masala but it was just too bad here, paneer was equally tasteless. The place was surprisingly full, probably due to lots of IT companies near by.
Sooooo..... I can't believe that it has taken me THIS long to update my review here. So long in fact that I cannot remember the last time I went. All I know is that my second dining experience with roaches was enough to seal the deal - not ever coming back here again. Which is a shame because I've yet to find another buffet that compares in terms of flavor. But if flavor has to come with a roach crawling around the silverware (YES.. the SILVERWARE) or on a wall beside me while employees just watch it... I'd just rather not.Now granted my last experience was some time ago (some months after the decor was updated and walls went from yellow to blue) but considering the last report of a roach sighting was three months ago, their health inspections I very easily googled all report problems with roaches or roach powder on the premises, and I saw them two separate times Not likely changing. Eat at your own risk.
What is the hype peopleI went here for lunch after seeing all the awesome  reviews, but I was disappointed. First, the menu is very hard to understand (see the pic that someone posted). I ordered the chicken shwarma sandwich and hummus platter. There isn't much of a drink selection in the tiny fridge. For soda, all they had was the cans and they charged $1.00 for them. Later, while I was eating I noticed a lot of people were buying their drinks from the market, then coming over to order their food (pain in the ass if you ask me). Anyhow, so I was only 1 of a few people there and the food took quite a while. When they finally called my order I went up and asked for the "garlic sauce" that I heard so much about on here and the lady said it would cost $1.00. I said nevermind because I wasn't going to pay that for a small container of condiment! I was surprised at how small the sandwich was. It wasn't  impressive either. Just a grilled flatbread with a few pieces of  chicken, a few tomato slices, lettuce, and a little sauce. In my opinion this wasn't worth 3.99, but more worth 2.50 or something because of its size and how little filling there was.The hummus was good, but  nothing spectacular. This place is also in a dodgy part of town right across from project housing...literally right across the street. The market was pretty cool though and I'll prob return (during the daylight of course) for some olives, olive oil, and pita. BUT will skip out on dining here.
I used to love you, Al-Hana.  I have fond memories of enjoying good food and good company while sitting at your little wobbly tables and chairs.  I fell in love with your babaghannuj.  Yes, you had a lot going for you.I was disappointed, but kept coming back, when you decided to raise the price on Every Single Item I Like, while making all of the portions smaller.  I understood that you have to pay for those new glossy menus with the pretty pictures somehow even though I liked the old menu board with the plastic letters just fine, thanks.  I settled for slow and sometimes surly service from your staff.  Why  Because I loved you. Well, I think our one-sided relationship has come to an end.  That last visit - you know, the one where you gave our food to another customer (uh, you were confused), and left us waiting for over 35 minutes without an apology while fulfilling orders for people who arrived and ordered much much later  That will be my last one.  I especially will cherish the charming way in which the 'manager' grudgingly provided a refund for the food I never received.  "Do you want to return the water as well"  Um, no.  Since I had to get it out of the cooler myself, I actually received that portion of what I ordered.  Thanks.Keep your rising prices and shrinking portions.  You are no longer worth my affection.
This restaurant is located directly across from a McCarran Airport runway. As we entered the restaurant an airplane landed and it felt as if the restaurant was situated in the middle of the airport.  We each ordered the lamb kabob which came with a colorful rice mixture, baby lettuce leaves and taftoon.  The lamb was gamey and way overdone, the rice was bland, the baby lettuce leaves were undressed and the taftoon came right out of a bag.  The final insult was when a gratuity of 20% was added to our bill though we ordered and picked up our meals at the counter.
I've eaten as this restaurant several times during the past year.  The food is usually pretty good, maybe 3 out of 5 stars on average.  Today I used a restaurant.com voucher.  $25 towards $40 worth of food, however, read on for the unethical practices the owner of this restaurant put in place when attempting to use this voucher...  The restaurant.com voucher is a joke.  The restaurant automatically includes 18% gratuity on top of the bill.  This establishment is strictly counter-service, who is the tip for  Also, specials are not allowed as part of the voucher redemption and most of what my party wanted was "considered" a special.  I felt penalized for trying to use the voucher.  I will never recommend this establishment for their unethical practices and because they made me feel like a piece of trash.  The fact that you have to spend $40 on a $25 voucher is one thing, but to not allow specials and factor in an unethical gratuity of 18% at a restaurant with no servers and strictly counter service shows that this owner has ZERO dignity as a small business owner and he should think twice before trying to lure patrons into an establishment that only allows "one" serving of it's special sauce per order!  A joke by any standard and when you refuse to cater to your customers, you deserve NOT to be in business.  Nothing but a HORRIBLE review for this jerk owner!!!
Went there today and very disappointed. Used to be real authentic but now tastes and looks like pre manufactured food. Garden Cafe near by is the new place! Authentic! I
Before i used to believe 'Bad Dim Sum' was an old wives tale ment to scare children from the greasy steamed dishes of utter OMGWTFBBQPWNAGE-ness!!! Thank you Cathay House for industrializing dim sum and making it as chinese as taco bell is to mexican food.Lately in my review I've been doing a breakdown of everything from how the place looks to me to listing what i ordered and what i thought of it. I'd rather not for this review because it would force me to stop, lean over, and vomit uncontrollably. Gripes- They sat us in what i call the 'shit hole' section of the restaurant where small families, less then a few people and generally those who don't look like they're gonna spend a lot of money go to minimize chances of customers wasting their time and maximize profit. Guess where the white people sat- same cart, different pusher to give the illusion they were well stocked- you could taste how much effort they put into their food. i've had chicken mcnuggets that have had more effort put into them-oh look another cart that means they got more selection..DAMN IT those two just traded...DAMN YOU!!!!!ConclusionIf you feel like Dim Sum go somewhere elseIf you feel like eating what chinese people make to sell to foreigners by all means go here and order an Egg Foo Young and General Tso's Chicken and taste that authentic chinese goodness
Came here for dinner and the place is pretty dead. The food was nothing special...I've had tastier authentic Chinese cousine. Would not waste my money here again. There are better Chinese restaurant on the same street that you don't have too look far.
Absolutely HORRIBLE!The worst Dim Sum I have ever had
The wait was almost as bad at the food, I felt so cheated after waiting to be seated just to eat this well below standard dim sum.
I frequent 2 other dim sum restaurants in Las Vegas and decided to give Cathay House a try yesterday because they had zagat stickers on their door. The food was absolutely horrible overall. I was with 4 other people and no one had a good experience. A lot of the dishes were cold and some looked and tasted like they were reheated leftovers from another day. The egg custard tasted like old frying oil was used to make it and completely unedible. When we told the manager how bad the egg custard was, he didn't even apologize. He even acted annoyed that we said anything. I would NEVER go back there again. Orchid Garden and Chang's have much better food and service.
Omg this place is HORRID! I've never even reviewed a place so low before! I'm really disappointed Vegas!So this has got to be the worst Dim Sum restaurant I've been too. With food and service. Usually service is horrible at dim sum, because its dim sum. They feel the need that they don't need to check up on you, because they have the little ladies with carts going around, and around serving you what you choose. Which isn't that bad.But this place... As soon as we got seated, they brought out our water in PLASTIC disposable cups, when everyone else had regular re- used washable cups. How do you run out of cups Very classy for a "nice" restaurant. And we had also got tea, chrysanthemum tea. As I poured it into my tea cup, I looked in and saw that a bug came out of the pot! It was disgusting! We couldn't even get anyones attention to change it out. Or for them to take it away.Also, our Soy Sauce bottle was empty!! They didn't even notice to give us a new one, we had to switch it out with the table next to us.And at last,, the food. It was COLD. Dim sum is suppose to be hot. Steaming hot. But it was so cold, it was breaking apart. Horrible I tell you.
I hate to give bad reviews but this place was definitely NOT GOOD.The food here wasn't very flavorful and I'm not super picky on flavor. The chicken looked and tasted like it maybe wasn't chicken... There was a fish tank full of dead fish on display for the diners to see, gross. There's millions of places to get Chinese food in Chinatown so I would not recommend this one. Also I got sick to my stomach almost instantly after we finished eating. I usually prefer food that doesn't make me sick.
If I could give them a 'No Star' rating, I would.  WORST SERVICE EVER!  I've been to numerous dim sum places around town, but have never been passed up and ignored so much in my life!  NEVER GOING THERE AGAIN.Go to Orchid Garden on Sahara. Do it.
Absolute worst service I've ever had, and I've been to a lot of Chinese restaurants. All the other times I've been here, nothing worth mentioning, but the most recent time will be my last time.Now I don't know who all the titles of the staff, so I'll just refer to them as waiters and busers. I think we had 2 servers and 2-3 busers throughout the course of our meal.2-3 because I think I saw two busers that looks identical, and I'm not being racist because I'm Chinese myself, so I'll just count them both as one person.We first get there and put in our order. I didn't keep track of time, but probably after 20-30 minutes we get our appetizer, still no soup though and that's supposed to come first.  Buser 1 delivers the appetizer but practically drops the dish on the table with a loud thud and immediately walks away. About 10-20 minutes later the other dishes started coming. The worst dish was the sizzling pepper steak. The thing about this dish is when it comes to your table, the steak is supposed to be sizzling in the metal tray. In our case, it came out at room temperature (meat and metal pan), so as you can expect, absolutely no sizzle.Sometime throughout the meal, we asked Buser 1 if we're supposed to get soup. He responds by saying don't ask him, ask the waiter. So we ask one of the waiters and he apologizes and says he'll get us soup. About 10 minutes later, we still haven't received the soup so we don't really bother anymore. The waiter walks by and asks if we have received our soup yet, which we said not yet, and he could tell by the lack of soup bowls. He immediately gets someone (again) to bring out soup. This time, Buser 2, puts the bowl of soup down, not sure where his mind is at, but drops the soup spoon into the bowl and splashes all of us with soup, my mom suffering the most splash damage. He says sorry once, but for an incident like that, I think you should be more apologetic.After a few more dishes arrive, we ask for rice, which is not something that you should need to do yourself at a Chinese restaurant.Finally when we're done eating, we ask Buser 1 for some to-go boxes. He goes and brings back boxes and before he walks away says "Ask someone else to do it". WTF kind of attitude is thatIn the end, they had the audacity to charge us 18% gratuity on a party of 4 with dreadful service. Overall the food was decent, but it was PAINFUL to eat with that degree of service.
[Review for DIMSUM only]I'm sure you've needed to buy a car - a brand-spanking-new one OR a semi-whored-out-used version - at one point in your life and have experienced a nagging-dying-to-complete-a-sale-to-take-out-a-chick-salesperson. It wasn't the greatest of experiences rightWell, meet the DIMSUM version.I really wonder if these ladies work here on a full commission basis OR have been set STRICT ASIAN QUOTAS (those having worked overseas OR know someone who does may have learnt at some point how some retail outlets staff actually have DAILY quotas to meet...OR else ADIOS bish). They sure fly around in their dimsum carts like the establishment is a go-cart-track...and pushing for sales a LOT more aggressively than I would say a carsalesperson would at the end of the month.Best part The moment they knew I spoke Chinese...they went gung-ho-YOU-need-MORE-meat-on-you-SON-"YOUTOOSKINNNNNNNNNNNNNY" on me. (Bish, please...you look anoxeric! Maybe) Well, they still WON...since I tend to be a pushover with asian-aunties-battling-menopause and their dimsum carts...and found my small table for 2 with food for at least 5 gargantuan eaters.Yet, this place, which was recommended by locals (asian ladies that you'd find working at the hotels and casinos that I randomly started conversations with to ask for tips on LOCAL food joints), isn't that great. (I think I got trolled.)Oilier dimsum...below average quality (just seems like the food sat out a little too long as well as tasting rather bland...)...and ISN'T PIPING HOT...mehBut what really killed it for me was this ever present sour taste that wasn't vinegar...and if you know your dimsum (OR even any other food in general)...this ISN'T A GOOD SIGN. Maybe, the health department might have to come over for an (S)INspection...before, as comedian Russel Peters imitates his dad, "Somebody Gonna Get a Hurt Real Bad".If you're craving dimsum, I'd say...just wait until you get out of Vegas and hit a real spot instead. And if you HAVE to be here, please don't order the dimsum BUT order ala carte dishes instead - at least if the food isn't that fresh, the raging fire under the wok will fudgingly kill everything in it.It may just save you a trip to the porcelain throne of shame. (Don't ask).
The food was less then average. I was really looking forward to some bubble tea, but it is no longer offered, yet it is still on the menu. Grrr. The hours are weird- the staff unfriendly. This is not a place I'd try again!
This place was aweful!  The delivery was fast but the food was aweful.  I took 1 bite and it all went in the garbage!
I thought I'd try Wah Kee based on the reviews.  Big mistake.  Maybe delivery is the wroing way to go.  I wanted to go safe with a new choice for Chinese.  Pot Stickers and Pad Thai noodles.  The pot stickers were just a big ball of dough with some filling. Absolutely the worst example of a pot sticker I've ever had.  The Pad Thai noodles were completly dry, completely void of sauce.  I put every packet of soy sauce, hot sauce, and pot sticker sauce they geve me, just to try and gag it down.  No luck.
it was too bad that my experience eating here was a bad one. It left a very bad taste in my mouth that made me reluctant to go back. I had some fried noodle and some drink made from tapioca which I couldn't recall the names and both were not good. My dining companion had a plate of seafood noodle and it smelled so fishy. Not to mention, cuts of the seafood were way too big. Sorry but I couldn't give more than one star for this place. It was just a poor meal experience.
The dishes are made of animal oil which is super unhealthy. And the dishes are cooked without carelessness. My dish is even with some black iron flake from the pan ( usually it comes from unclean pan). These unsanitary dishes make them more disgusting...I think the rate is highly overrated....
Ordered food here and was happy to see that they were open early as a lot of the other places in the area seemed to open much later.  I called and was put on hold for about five minutes so I hung up. I got a call back to place the order but I should have stayed away.I ultimately ordered the spring roll and the spicy chicken fried rice.  I got spring rolls and regular fried rice. This was a big problem because the regular fried rice looks like it was boiled in chicken broth with a few veggies tossed in it.  It would have been salvageable if I got some chili packets but that wasn't the case.  I called and went over my situation with the the person that answered and was told that she couldn't do anything because her driver wasn't there and neither was the manager. I didn't see why this was a problem and suggested that she place a new order and have the driver deliver it when he gets back. That made a lot of sense to me but made no sense to the person that answered for some reason.  This was a bad experience all around.  This was my first time here and it will definitely be my last.
I really, really wanted to like this place. I have been searching for a great Chinese place in Madison and have turned up empty handed. Having been to China and loving the food, I thought I would trust other reviewers that said the food was "authentic" and "delicious". We ordered--kimchee (actually the best thing), vegetable spring rolls (too much doughrice paper and oddly spiced), yau choi in oyster sauce (pretty good, a bit bland, my bf was not a fan), vegetable tong mein (was supposed to come with gyoza, it did not, overpowering flavor of sesame oil, noodles were ok, not great), my boyfriend got a seafood dish that was absolutely terrible--the seafood was nowhere near fresh (there was a long piece of calamari with rubbery material that slapped back into his face when he took a bite, and the flavor was bland).I guess it was against better judgement to order seafood here--or go here in general, as the dining room was completely empty during prime dinner hours on a Friday. Our server was lamentable at best, she did not offer suggestions, and seemed hurried by her other responsibilities (and her boss was yelling to her from the kitchen) the entire time. It was if she had never been trained to serve--when I asked questions she would just shrug, and say "are you ready"I did really want to like this place, but sadly it was not meant to be. We took most of our food to go (as I hate wasting food), but ended up throwing it out for fear of encountering it again.
The one thing that cannot be disputed about Lim's -- a well-established restaurant in the West Valley -- is that the service is very friendly.  Okay:  that was the generous part of this review.  Buckle your seatbelt:  this isn't going to be a smooth ride.Once again, my theorem about YELP has been confirmed:  the more stars a restaurant has, the more you should avoid it.  I'm convinced that every prisoner released from Sheriff Joe's tent city is promised a $20 bill for their first night's meal in freedom, PROVIDED they write a review on YELP.  How else can one explain the 4 and 5 stars for this place  Certainly, it couldn't be for the fluorescent lit diner atmosphere ... and it certainly couldn't be for the food ... could it!The Hot n Sour soup was okay.  My partner thought it too sour.  Hello!  The "sour" isn't in the name to make it sound pretty.  I didn't think it too sour at all and they certainly don't skimp on ingredients:  the soup is loaded.  From there, however, it started going downhill faster than a snowball down the side of a steep ski run.The egg rolls, too, weren't bad ... a bit greasy, but filled almost exclusively with cabbage, which I like.  But the two dishes specifically mentioned in reviews here -- the Devil Beef and the Mu Shu Pork -- were as disappointing as a visit to the U.S. Senate.  Unfortunately, the quality of the food matched the Senate's performance, too.  Even before I could open my mouth, my other half said what I was thinking when they brought the beef out:  "My God!  It looks like someone's already eaten it!"  Mushy, grey, and in spite of the jalapenos in it, bland.  Sort of like Senator John McCain, except it wasn't demanding we go to war in Syria.  And while it is advertised in the menu, Chinese food with ... jalapenos!  Chinese-Mexican fusion!!  The Mu Shu Pork was something I'd never seen before in the many years I've eaten Chinese:  pre-rolled Mu Shu.  Usually, they bring you the wrapping and the filling is on the side and you make it yourself.  Not here:  they do it for you.  That by itself might have been acceptable to all but the Mu Shu Pork fanatic.  But what wasn't acceptable was the salt level in the food.  Unless you have a high tolerance for salty food, prepare to have lots of water nearby and watch your blood pressure go into the 150s over 110!Service was fast, but almost like something out of a bad comedy about Chinese restaurants:  everything was brought at once, regardless of how close you were to finishing the previous course.  The only thing they DIDN'T do was observe you from a distance and wait for you to finish eating.It pains me to give a bad review to a restaurant, which is obviously trying to please its customers.  In this case, however,  I'm afraid the review is fully justified.  I don't know who the people are on here, who think this is quality food.  I can only say to that one person, for example, who said heshe wishes this place was closer so heshe didn't have to drive all the way here:  KEEP DRIVING!  I rarely leave food on my plate and, when I do, I always ask for a doggie bag to take the leftovers home.  In this case, I left food on the plate and almost shouted "no" too enthusiastically when I was asked if I needed a box to take the remainder home.  Oh God in Heaven:  NO!!!!!
Hubby's been here before with some friends. We stopped in here to grab a few baskets of dim sum. It was lunch time and there were a lot of people in the restaurant, but only 3 trolleys roaming around over and over again. One trolley was jook with Chinese donut, the other two were dim sum items. Well, the dim sum wasn't all that great. It was mediocre at best. We had 4 baskets and the total came to slightly over $11 before tip. The tripe was flavorless, the stuffed bean curd sheets were okay. Har gow were below average, leaving the cha siu bao being the only thing passable. One of the servers came over and asked if we wanted to order some food. I asked hubby and he asked for the check. The woman then asked me in Cantonese if the food wasn't to my liking. I thought "ya think" but then didn't really verbalize it. Why be nasty But we'll never come back again on future trips.
this place is expensive and not even good. its really busy, but i prefer not to eat at this place. because of the price... for 3 people it came out to like 48 dollars or something WTH No Way... Thirty something i could have dealt with but 48 I kno that wasnt worth $48!Portions are small. The food isnt BAD... BUT NOT WORTH IT!!!!!
Based on Yelpers' opinions, tried to order some take out. We did not like the food. Period. They couldn't even make simple food. Rating of zero is not available
Did you ever want to try a new restaurant that was rated pretty well and found out that you should whip out the ol' Blackberry and log onto the site just to heave the thing across the room in the hopes of watching the communicative device shatter into a glorious spectacle of plastic and debris Well this was the case in the following review I'm about to "drop" on you! The wife read about Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine that a "Yelper" had reviewed. We were planning a trip to Vegas and figured that we would try something different, as opposed to the usual buffets that we would normally head straight for. Innocently enough, we made a B-Line straight to Chang's once we arrived in Vegas and was anticipating a decent Dim Sum experience. Once we got there, we were left standing in the Foyer for a few minutes. During this time, I noticed that one of the servers arrived late from behind us and hadn't had the chance to clock in before she sat us. I just found that kinda funny and thought I would share this with you! =) As the Brunch progressed, the wife got really tiffed because the best Chinese team, in terms of timing and follow-through, in the Dim Sum industry decided that they would all take the day off and allow the lack-luster, slow, and incompetent crew work a solid day. Whoa is me! Service was slow, our tea order was really late, the food was sub-par, and most of all, my hot chili sauce was late! I loves me some hot chili sauce with my Dim Sum dumplins!I think that the highlight of our experience was when my wife finally threw in the towel and flagged down a Chinese lady and berated her with God knows what! I couldn't tell you what she said but service surely improved from that point on! God I love feisty Chinese women! The Dim Sum itself was not memorable and the chicken feet were like the worst things because it tasted breaded before braising.  It felt and tasted gummy.  The prices were great and its location was easy to find! It wasn't tucked in the corner of some sleezy shopping plaza that may be impossible to get into or out--to! The final note from me is that, all in all, I will not go out of my way to come back here. I think the only way I would is if a friend clocked me over the head with a baseball bat (preferably metal..my head might shatter a wooden one then I'll be left cleaning the bits of splintered wood from the carpet with a headache! Who wants that!) and bribe the paramedics to drop us off here rather than the Hospital. Maybe this way I wouldn't mind the mediocre tasting food, but I'd probably bleed out before I get my chili sauce! =(
Never use this restaurant for your wedding reception or any special banquet . They so nice at the beginning but they so rued and try to make money after you deposit. I had no way to get out because my date already set ,the invitation already sent so i get stuck with them. Service so bad ..I am so embarrassing with my guess..and so sorry to choose this restaurant
FOUR STARS Are you fucking kidding me Come on Vegas, step your dim sum game up... Three words to describe the waitresses:LOUD, RUDE, OBNOXIOUS. Food is mediocre... I'd say below average compared to 626, SD, or even Irvine. So if you've had any of the above, this place will DISAPPOINT ... and definitely annoy the shit out of you. The heat alone made me 289347x irritable than usual so imagine that plus the waitresses' incompetency.
On 91910 my family (6 adults, 4 children (5yrs & under) went to enjoy dim sum at what WAS our favorite restaurant. We I reviewed the bill I noticed an unfamiliar high-priced amount on the bill. I went to the cashier station and asked what was the charge for, I was told it is a service charge for parties over 8 people. I said, "there are only 6 adults and 4 children." He (I believe the owner) just shrouded his shoulders and said, "that's our service charge." $19.25!!!! - that's an extreme charge for servicing water refills and collecting empty dim sum containers. Sunday dim sum  Chang's is now a thing of the past for us...Ping Pang Pong here we come!
Worst Dim sum ever!  No one speaks english and no carts were coming around.  We just walked out after two dishes.  I will never be back.
I couldnt agree more with Steve N. This place is pretty horrible. It's like, they bought dim sum from CA, brought it over, froze it and now reheating to serve to us. It's hard, tastless and definitely mehhhhhh. I quote Steve N. " more like dimshit"
Whoever says that this place is better than the SGV dim sum restaurants must be trully stupid or get their head bang in the shower. This place is horrendous. If you see the color of the chicken feet you  know that its not going to taste good. The rest of the food seems cooked too long and the service is slow.I mean, I understand when you go to chinese restaurant you expect the service to suck ass cos thats the way they operate, but when you have the owner operating as cashier that tell the customer to pay upfront then you should just open a to go counter instead of a full dining restaurant.If you dont know how to open a full seating restaurant, go slow, open a little to go place first!!!
Don't come here! Worst Dim Sum in town...everything was super greasy and didn't taste good. Some of the dishes seems like it was from yesterday. The (Hum Sui Kok) was greasy, soggy and not crispy. Would not come back here again.
Sam woo was closed so we had no choice but to eat here and we got it to go and took it back to our Hotel room. We found and effin worm in our Kang Kong veggies!!! and then to top it off an hour after I was throwing up all night! Disgusting! Do Not Go here!
Came here with the family last night. Service was mediocre. We asked for some pepper and the girl looked so confused. We ordered five dishes and they all were either too salty or had no taste. The only dish done well was the the garlic veggie dish which is a standard at any Chinese restaurant. All around disapponting.
I was actually trying to eat at Ichiza in the early afternoon, which is in next building over, but I forgot to check that they actually opened up at 5pm.  Still being guided by my rumbling stomach, I looked at nearby restaurants in Las Vegas' "Chinatown".  While walking around, The Love us on Yelp Sticker on Harbor Palace's door caught my eye.  I thought to myself, "How awesome!!  Another loved yelp spot, the food here must be great!".  Oh how I was wrong.  Immediately, when I got in there, the atmosphere was dreary, somewhat old fashioned, and a little unkempt.  I then thought, " Well, maybe all the energy is poured into the excellent food and service, yelp will not let me down!  Again, I was completely wrong.  I started with the noodle dish and BBQed beef, and I ended with those.  I second that prior review, the noodles were both bland, dry, and greasy if you can believe that.  The BBQed beef was damn near all fat too.  I was like "What the hell  I didn't remember ordering a big dish of just meat fat."  This place needs to be checked out by the restaurant sanitary inspector because it looks a little dirty.  My waitress even brought out a disgusting looking fish bucket to show the table right behind me.  What was that all about  And to top it off, I waited nearly 20 minutes for the waitress to bring me back a doggy bag.  My bill was 20 or so dollars for some reallyyy crappy food.   I felt ripped off, let down, and regretful I even entered the door with the supposed "They love us on Yelp" sticker.  How did they get that sticker  Did they steal that  Well, I sure felt that they had just stolen my money.  Avoid this place if you can.
Bad service and the dim sum wasn't that great either! As everyone knows, you don't go to a Chinese Restaurant for the service -- it's all about the food or in this case the Dum Sum. We came here on our visit to Las Vegas and decided to take a gamble on this place. Unfortunately, the house won the bet and we lost. Let's talk about service, or the lack of service. Every time we requested something from the waiterwaitress, we had to ask two or three times. "Miss, can we have some water" "Excuse me, can we have some water" "Hello We asked for some water earlier -- can we have some water" Maybe they didn't want us to get full from drinking, but I sounded like a broken record. When we finally got the water, the waitress didn't apologize or seem sorry that her service sucked! On to the food --- this was some gross Dim Sum. The har-gow was blah - the chow fun was stick and nasty - the fried rice tasted like crap. Nothing good here!
People are right about this place!Service is aweful, they get upset if you don't order softdrinks!Their dim sum isnt great, and they recycle food, and leftoverdim sum is reserved to another sucker!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!THey also have a credit card minimum which is against themerchant credit card terminal agreement. Very unethical place!
The Place: Older, Didn't seem that CleanThe Service: Rude  Slow... Even though they weren't busy. Food took awhile to come out. The Food: The food was ok. Portions were not that great for Family Style Chinese Food. The menu stated a charge of $1.50 for a glass of water. (Though I wasn't charged for it) Wouldn't Go Again
We came on here on a monday for lunch and I swear there were more employees than there were customers! With that said, the dim sum ladies still took forever to make it to our table! The chop sticks came with leftover food on it and the dim sum portions were just hillarious! The dad and I were looking on the steam cart and the woman said we have shu mai in both a large and smaller size portion............ Really! Never heard of that before. I'd probably say if you're on spring mountain you're better off going somewhere else because this place is a joke and a poor excuse for a Chinese dim sum restaurant.
Food off the menu is pricey and not worth it! Dim Sum is horrible! Reheated in the microwave after a long rancid stay in the carts. This place used to be good 10 years ago, but I am so over it! Blech!
I've had dim sum here a few times, but after the last time I was here, I'm over it. They have your usual dim sum selection- shu mai, potstickers, dumplings, sesame balls, etc. It has always tasted like your typical dim sum, which is what brought me back. Besides, it's close to where we usually stay and it was convenient for lunch before leaving Vegas.So why am I over it The server got upset because our tip was inadequate. Honestly, what server provides you with horrible service and then brings your tip back to you and says, "What is this This is not enough!" Oh, it gets better. She proceeded to calculate the "correct" tip amount for us and said that was how much more we owed her.Need I say more
Ordered fried chicken that was dry and I ate some bone fragments. OMG!  Pancit was bland.  It was not good at all.  Will not be coming back to try anything else. (
Ug! Having spent time in the Philippines I thought it would be awesome to eat here.  That was an unfortunate mistake I shant make again! Not even nostalgia could save this train wreck.The food:Garlic chicken and pancit (noodles) side seemed like they were made yesterday - dry and nasty.  The halo-halo (sweet ice dessert with gelatin and other various mix-ins)  was awful too.  The only thing I got that was any good were the Buchi (sesame balls) but they were way overpriced, and a mango shake that was pretty good.The service:I think the woman that rang me up was a manager and she was so rude right off the bat I should have left but I was hoping to bring back some good memories with tasty grub. DEFINITELY should have believed the previous two posts.AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!
Sorry Chow King but you deserve the worst rating of all. Since it had been many years since I had last eaten out Chow King, I figured I might as well give them a try since the last time was in the Philippines. I ordered the sesame balls with red bean, some taho, and salt and pepper pork which looked awesome in the photo. After a brief wait, I could not wait to dig into my meal expecting some solid fried salt and pepper pork, tasty taho and warm sesame balls. Needless to say I was wrong on all levels. The salt and pepper pork was an utter disappointment. It tasted like it was fried and then reheated to luke warm temp. Kind of like when you have fried chicken that has been sitting in your fridge over night and its just soggy when you take it out the next day sort of way. Strike one. Next up was the taho (please excuse my spelling) which was very watery at best and just was not right. Strike two. And finally, the sesame balls. Something that is usually a standby even at dodgy chinese buffets. They were very small, just bite size and the red bean did not taste right either. Strike three. Maybe I came on an off night or maybe they recently changed up the receipts for making everything  I ordered. Regardless, I highly doubt I am coming back anytime soon if all the rest of the food starts to taste like this.
Oh chow king, you were once the place to go lunch; now I dont want to go anywhere near you.  I remember when this place first opened its doors to las vegas and it once was filled with people and lines that were incredibly long.  I used to love their fried rice and their chicken, if I could recall I remember it being like homemade food. It was always fresh and the chicken was very juicy and full of flavor. Now, it is nowhere near that taste and the food they serve seems like all they do is microwave it.  I went back a few times just to see if maybe I would do would be an off-day.  However, to my disbelief their food just seems horrible.
Place sucks. Everything is premade, sitting under a heat lamp or frozen. Nothing is ever fresh. service sucks. only good thing about this place is they're open til 12am.
Eh I'm just not fond of any of the Filipino fast food places here and Chow King especially. First of all the lady at the counter wasn't listening and kept screwing up our order but it was resolved before we paid so it was all good. Had the Bangus today with garlic fried rice and an over-hard egg. It was just aight. But still probably better than all the other items on their menu. I've had their lumpia before and wasn't fond of it at all. 6 tiny stale and overcooked pieces that just sucked. I also had their pulabok and that also just sucked. The only decent beverage would be the taho. Oh and the halo-halo is alright too. Don't bother getting the boba from here or jollibee. Well actually Jollibee's not as bad but still. You either get undercooked boba or frozen or maybe both. Idfk man I just hate eating here. I would rather spend my $8 at Chinatown where I could get my money's worth of some QUALITY food. The only reason I came her was because my aunt from Texas said they don't have Chow King there and in my mind I'm like "well you aren't a missing out on anything special" but I had to suck it up and pretended like I love coming to seafood city and eating all the mediocre food there. Nothing beats home cooked Filipino food for me. The fast food chains are a joke. I prefer Nanay Gloria's or Cusina ni Lorraine just a few miles down.
Do not waste your time or money going here. It's been years since we ate here usually we decide on Jollibee but we decided to go through with Chow King and regretted our meal completely.I ordered Congee which is rice porridge came out cold like it was chilled in the fridge cold. Previously it came with chicken I guess they changed their menu and it's worse then ever before. The price, portion, quality is completely OFF! Never again!! Don't try their siopao either it was so not worth it. Halo Halo is an easy Filipino desert I mean it's shaved ice even that was made wrong! The ice was in large lumps not blended enough. I don't even know how they manage to stay open that's how bad this place is.
Nothing ever really makes me wish I ate at Jolibee, but eating at Chow King would be the closest. Food is gross. I barely ate the noodles I ordered because it was so salty. I mean it tasted like I was doing a Morton Salt keg stand. And how do you mess up halo halo It came out in one large ice clump. It's a madhouse here at times with really no order. Pure chaos.  I will give them dap for taking my aunt's order when she completely skipped the line at the service station. Granted she's getting up there in years and wasn't paying attention, so I give them props for taking her order, though I probably would've been angry if I was standing in line.I get that it's Filipino fast food, but you get what you pay for. So be warned.
This review only echoes what most have already said. The food is subpar and is nothing like how ChowKing tastes like back in the Philippines. It does taste like it was reheated in a microwave. Its pretty disappointing for people like me whose been craving it for awhile only to be presented with gummy siomai and really dry chowfan. The service is great but the food is mediocre.
If I could pick NO stars I would, unfortunately I don't have that option. this place is ridiculous. Waited over 25minutes for chicken. People working at the cashier didn't even bother telling me it would take long. My whole family ate before I got my food and it was cold. This place is a complete joke of Filipino food. Do yourself a favor and cook at home.
Seriously One of the...worst...meals...ever.I got a seafood and kalbi combination. The shrimp was heavily breaded, dry and flavorless. The mahi was okay. The kalbi was the worst I've ever had to the point of being nearly inedible.Altogether one of my worst restaurant experiences, ever.Blech!I don't understand the good reviews, at all.If you want fabulous Hawaiian food, check out Island Style over on Sahara. Less good, but still orders of magnitude better than Ohana, is Aloha Kitchen over on Decatur.
This place needs to replace its front of the house people. Wish I could say I was able to try the food. We ordered and paid for the food, waited half hour and that was when they realized our order never got placed to the kitchen. The staff has no clue what they are doing... Even when we asked to be refunded our money so we could leave it took another 10 mins to figure out. Without getting us our food they still made us pay for our sodas. Really  You made us sit here waiting all this time without food and you can't even give me my full refund I don't Understand how this place is still in business!
It's just so convenient.  They are so close.  This is my 2nd review.  My son still loves their chicken Katsu. BUTTTT.....  They are ALWAYS getting my other orders wrong.  Today in particular, I ordered for pickup over the phone.  I specifically asked for an order of Shrimp TEMPURA.  When she repeated my order, the girl said shrimp TEMPURA herself.  Gotta make sure since they've messed up on my orders a hundred times.  My hubby gets there to pick up our order, and sure enough, they give him Fried Shrimp.  She offers to give him 10% for the inconvenience.  More like a very bad miscommunication between the lady who took the order and the cooks.  Fried Shrimp vs. Shrimp Tempura is a big difference to me.  They should have offered to make the tempura and gave it for free.  10% off is an insult after numerous mistakes.
Been here before and it was decent a year or two ago, things definitely went downhill.  Called in an order for pick up as it's coldwindyrainy outside and just wanted some good eats at home.  Ordered a Chicken KatsuKal Bi combo and their SaltPepper Pork Chop (they've got an extended Chinese menu added to their "Hawaiian" menu).Finally got home and opened our plates to see HAIR right next to the Chicken Katsu.  I was not about to drive back, wait for another plate to get cooked, then drive back home to eat, (not to mention my other plate getting cold while I go out and do all of this) so I figured just call and they could credit my card back or give me another replacement plate another day.  Their response:1- come back on the same day and they will make me another plateOR2- come back another day for a 10% discountREALLY  If I don't want to drive back the same day for YOUR mistake ALL you're going to do for me and my plate of food with HAIR is to give me a 10% discount on whatever I decide to spend more of my money on for an additional plate  So I lose my money on my first plate for apparent reasons, then I CAN spend another $8-$9 minus 10%  Horrible customer service and bad judgement on managements part.P.S.I tried their "Salt and Pepper Pork Chops" and they should more accurately call it Salt and Pepper Batter Balls with slivers of pork and bones.  There were about 3 pieces that tasted like actual pork chops and the rest of it were balls of deep fried batter with little bitty bones.  I've had this dish at numerous chinese restaurants around Las Vegas like Joyful House who nail it, sadly Ohana missed the mark on this dish.  I'd hate to taste their General Tso's chickenOrange chicken dishes with the same batter balls and bitty pieces of meat...never on my penny.Needless to say they can take that 10% discount (what a joke for having HAIR in their dish) and give it to someone else, I'm never going back.Go to L&L Barbeque, Island Sushi, Rice Trax, or Island Flavor for good Hawaiian Style plate lunches.  If you want chinese go someplace in Chinatown (Asian BBQ & Noodles, Joyful House), Hawaiian Chinese style at Diamond China or Wo Fat. Save your money and stay away from this place, too many good options out there for you with better service and better food.
Wish I would have checked yelp review before I wasted $20. I never thought it was possible to f* up Hawaiian food... oh boy was I wrong!!I called in a order for my bf to pick up, Heather took the order (I should have just canceled and hung up then) I order 2 simple plates I had to repeat my order 5 to 6 times for her to get it right. My first plate was lau lau and second plate was a combo with half bbq chicken and lau lau (simple right) Not for her.My bf came home with our food the order was correct. Now the lau lau.... where do I start with this The lau lau was SUPPER SUPPER DRY and had a nasty freezer tastes to it like it was sitting in the back of the  freezer for month's maybe even a year. Now I know that the lau lau is not fresh and at some point it dose go into the freezer, that's fine. But to be cooking and selling something with freezer burn on it and hella dry is unacceptable. I called spoke to a lady that could only say "it's good its good we cook all the time" over and over again like she was program to only say thos words till finally Heather got back on to the phone a said sorry. I asked to speak to the manager and she would not let me. She had to hang up with me to speak to her manager Austin and call me back. She called back right away to inform me that there was nothing that could be done. I asked again if I would speak with this manager Austin and was denied. Over all. I spent $20 in food and had a bite then my bf throwed it away. No credit was offered of any type.Seems to me that they deal with a lot of complaints all the time and the business knows that there food is horrible and they will take whatever money they can get. Never will I come to this location again! I think the health district needs to give this places a visit.
Food is great just don't like that they charge 50cents more if u use your debit card under $10 purchase. That is not a selling point by doing that only drives people away from coming back.
Was among my favorite places to eat in Vegas. Came in from AZ to get my favorite food, looked forward to a chicken plate the whole drive, got in late, and arrived 10min before closing. The cook wouldn't make any more food for the night even though they're still open with a brightly lit "OPEN" sign in the window. I'll go find someone who wants my business. I'lll NEVER come back here.. you lost a very loyal customer due to a very lazy cook. I guess after expanding they forgot about the ones who matter.. the ones who provided the business and referrals that allowed the expansion. Crappy.
Ordered a meal for pickup, went 15 minutes later and after they rang me up realized they never made it.
Let me start off by saying that the staff has always been friendly and the food is fantastic. I always order the saimin and a spam musubi. We arrived yesterday at around 4:06p (not too busy to warrant a very long wait). We stopped by on our way home for a take-out order. They took our order pretty quickly and we waited at the table for it to be done. It was taking a little bit longer so I waited in the car since I wasn't feeling well. Several minutes later my husband came out to confirm my order because they didn't know what I ordered. A little while after no sign of him so I went inside. Still no order and he was looking annoyed. I asked the girl at the counter how much longer and she said 5 min. Not a big deal but 25 min had already passed so it was upsetting. I asked to cancel it cause I was so upset but my husband was hungry so we changed our mind. The food was ready a couple minutes later and I let him pick it up since I was so upset. She offered us a drink for the inconvenience but I feel that a drink was not enough for the 35 min wait. We only ordered a combo plate, one spam musubi and a chicken saimin. 3 items in our order should not have taken THAT long. The time on our order was 4:06p and we left at 4:40p. I'd like to be contacted by the manager of the restaurant.
Kind of gross. The 2nd worst Chinese restaurant I have been to in my life-- first being Aunty Chang's in Houston, TX. Let's just comment on the fact that the hot & sour soup is 5.10GBP per small bowl-- that is wildly ridiculous when you can sit down at a local pub for a full meal for that price. We ordered Mabo Tofu & Yushan beef (aka garlic beef sometimes), which are very normal Chinese dishes.  The Mabo tofu came out barely covering the bottom of the plate (skimpy quantity), tasting not like normalauthentic Mabo tofu but edible, except for the bijillion poppy seeds in the dish that you would have to pick out ( I am totally not exaggerating). Then the yushan beef came out looking quite bland.  We called the waiter over to make sure that is actually the right dish, and he gave us the snobby "this is what Westerner do.  It's not like Yushan beef in China, it's a garlic sauce here."  Excuse me!  You can't even speak English & you are telling me, an American, what "westerners" expect in a Chinese dish!  What a joke.  Yes, the dish is sometimes, in some places, called garlic beef, but the cooking methods and sauces and tastes never alter.  It is supposed to be a mildly sweet dish with shredded veggies and meat in brown sauce.  In Golden Dragon's case, we had chunks of vegetable and meat in some weird sauce (& no garlic to be found either).  To make things worse, they charge a 10% service charge.  You are stuck with it whether you liked the foodservice or not. What a rip off.
This review is for the restaurant only. Please come here for dinner with a reservation if you would like to be treated like shit by both staff and management. In a town with hundreds of restaurants competing for business you would think they would consider customer service an important part of the customer experience. Especially since they are new here. We arrived this past Sunday evening at 9:32 PM for our 9:15 reservation for two people. Yes, we were late by 17 minutes. Hostess: Can I help youMe: Yes, reservation for David.Hostess: What timeMe: 9:15Hostess: This reservation was cancelled after 15 minutes because you did not arrive on time. Me: OK, can we be seated stillHostess: I don't have anything. Just a moment.At this point my wife says to me "let's go".  I take a walk back into the restaurant and see that about 25% of the tables are empty. This is a Sunday night at 9:30PM.  I come back and the hostess ignores me. I tell my wife that the hostess is a bitch and we should probably just go. We leave. As we enter the MGM casino a man starts yelling my name out loud. He chases us down and says he's the manager and asks why I called his hostess a bitch. Instead of being concerned that we are leaving without ever experiencing their restaurant he takes my private conversation with my wife and accuses me of calling their hostess a bitch. I would never do that and told him so. He continued to ask why I bothered his hostess. Very unprofessional, very harassing, we walked away and told him we were treated poorly and would be sharing our experience on YELP!  My wife's first intuition was to leave. I thought we would give them a chance to seat us but I was wrong. As usual my wife was correct.
The service is probably the worst I have ever seen for such a popular restaurant.   So I take my customers there for a fun night of drinking and great food.  It was a disaster!!!  The waiter was very unprofessional and basically screwed up the drinks and apps and a few dinner selections!  The appetizers came out at the wrong time! The dinner was a joke because 13 of the party got there dinner with no sides.  30 mins later the sides come with another 13 of peoples dinners and one of my clients literally waited for a hour after everyone else had already eaten.  The worst part was that a few members of the dinner left before others even got there dinner because they were sick and tired of waiting.  Who can blame them!  Now let me tell you about the God awful food!  I think i have had better Chinese food at those neon light Chinese food for 99 cents lol.  The Mongolian beef was probably the nastiest food I ever tasted.  It was under cooked and just simply a low grade of food!  When I take out my customers usually I get thank you emails instead I had to write 10 emails saying how embarrassed I was that I took them to such a crappy place!  I will never eat there again and I hope the go out of business!  Very unprofessional, very nasty food, and just no reason to go there!I have called them many times to complain but they make it seem because they gave 200 off my bill which was literally nothing we are even.  Well forget that Until I get an apology I will not stop!
We had diner with eight friends on New Year's eve. Both the food and service were appalling. Apparently it was the first time they organized diner on New Year's eve and much can be improved... After waiting for 1 hour for one course of our eight course menu, suddenly all food came out simultaneously... and in the wrong order. Some of the food (cod) was cold, some food was overcooked (scallops, sirloin). The waitress was giving our wine to another table, after which she said "I was just checking". We don't mind paying a lot of money for food but then we expect a decent return on our investment. Being treated pretentious is not part of that.
WAY OVERPRICED FOR SMALL PORTIONS!!!We were a party of 3 couples celebrating our friend's wedding. We expected high prices but this place was ridiculous; $120 per person for Chinese Food, give me a break. The food was good, don't get me wrong, but portions were exceedingly small in spite of the fact that our waiter claimed that all the entree's could be shared. We did share the entrees and each of us got three bites. The service was mediocre for a place  that charges these prices, very little interaction between the waiter and our party. The food basically put down on the table without very little comment. All and all (and $700 later) a big disappointment.
Amateur hour as far as management and staff.We had someone at the table with a shellfish allergy, which was announced, and both the kitchen and service staff mixed the order, which almost ended very, very badly.  The only thing they offered for their extreme mistake, was a bottle of wine.  That's just not what someone who has just medicated themselves should be offered.  Oh yeah, they didn't comp the dumplings that almost killed the person.  Not even kidding.Anyway, the food was ok.  Some good (duck salad) and some bad (dumplings, hot and sour soup and smoked short rib, which was really quite terrible).Expect to pay more than you should, and if you have any allergies at all, I just wouldn't trust these folks with your well-being.  Hope that helps.
I have heard amazing things about the London location and this one as well, however this was the worst meal I have ever had in Vegas. I would have rather had Panda Express for dinner. The chicken was dry and horrible, the lobster stir fry was over sauced, and the drink I ordered was average. The only edible item I ordered was the fried rice, which is pathetic. $500 + later, I would have much rather stayed at home and microwaved a pf changs frozen dinner. Horrible Chinese food! All about the hype and the atmoshpere!
Horrible... Panda Express  PF Chang type food.  I was sick in the bathroom from five bites. Totally disappointed. Service was worse than turn and burn... $200 later. Sent two dishes back too. Skip the restaurant, but definitely go to the night club.
Im originally from ny and know good asian food. Didnt even go in with too many expectations but several people told me i had to check it out. Not only were they out of my first entre choice,  but they didnt have my second choice either. I settled for third And the meal was horrendous. We had 2 drinks each and even those were mediocre at best. Paid 150$ for a shit meal to come back to the hotel for real food
Dude kicked us out for doing coke. We don't do drugs! Check the freakin restroom more often. We don't do drugs. And I guess we don't pay the bill either. My credit is still there and I cancelled it.  Oops
Ick.  Stay away unless you want to be treated like you are a criminal who cannot afford a pricey item.  I wanted to try on a $400 fur...and the guy said it was very expensive and would hand carry it to the front mirror for me.  He then advised me to take off my vest and waited for me to do so.  He would not let me handle the coat myself because it was "very expensive."  He watched me while I tried it on and then immediately took it off me.  I wanted to tell him that $400 wasn't pricey for a winter coat and that I could easily afford it, but decided to walk out without purchasing it.  I won't be back.
It's a flea market.  Nothing more; nothing less.  It's old crap that no one should need unless you are a hoarder.  There are plenty of free flea markets and yard sales that are free.  This misadventure cost me $20 in admission fees.  What a waste.  It's $10 a head.  Finally, no one takes credit cards... even for the admission charge.  After all, flea markets and yard sales typically deal in cash only.  I now feel slightly dirty.
If you like being treated poorly and as if you are incompetent, then this is the place for you! If I could give negative stars I would!My friend and I went in there to see if they could fix a pocket watch I had, and see if they had a part for her grandfather clock. Right away the owner seemed annoyed we were even in there, like we were bothering him and his employee, (They were just sitting in chairs talking).This was my first time in there so I didn't know they couldn't fix watches, but the owner still examined my pocket watch, and after telling me "You will spend $200-$300 fixing this $25.00 watch" hands it back to me says, "Well, that takes care of that", and sits back in his chair. Now, my friend shows them the part of her clock asking if they can fix the part or give her a new one, they say she has to bring in the actual clock, so they can see what they can do. They ask her what kind it is, but her answer that it is a grandfather clock is wrong because her clock hangs on the wall, and doesn't just sit there on it's own, so it can't possibly be a grandfather clock!. They acted like we were so stupid for not knowing anything about clocks! Sorry, that's why we had come to you, you are supposedly the "experts" on clocks! I would NEVER recommend this place to anyone! Find a different shop to go to!!
Horrible service! The two guys working there are so rude. They acted like I was stupid because I didn't know anything about clocks! They spoke very condescendingly & seemed like they just wanted me to leave so they could go back to their conversation. I don't know about their quality of repair work, because I chose not to go back, obviously, but if it's anything like their customer service then it is awful.
Carrie's should merit a good-humored 3 stars for being a pleasant assortment of kitsch and delight in downtown Champaign, but in reality, it really does deserve 1 star.Why, may you askImagine being a person of color who has just moved to Champaign.  You're new, confused, slightly nervous about everything.  And you stumble upon cool stores like Furniture Lounge or Jane Addams.  Great, you think, I'll find something fun and silly at Carrie's, no doubt.I enjoyed perusing the store until I exited with a friend, turned and looked at what was on display in the "Half Price" shelf.  In the middle of the shelf, plain for all to see  A Mammy Doll, everyone's favourite piece of standard racist darky imagery.  Note the coal black skin, scarlet lips, turban, hoop earrings, prodigious humps and lumps, and of course an apron, for all your serving needs.That's right.  A Mammy Doll.  For Sale.  In Front. Of the Store.Right here: http:static.px.yelp.comphotoKlYiE0VpuP5Qz3ThJ_rWzQlThe look on my face should really sum it up.  Except for the fact that whenever I was in downtown Champaign for the last month while walking to a coffee shop, I would glance nervously over to the half off shelf, and see of course Mammy.  EVERY TIME.Not OK.  Not OK at all.Finally, five weeks after this first began, I flipped.  Perhaps it was all the coffee at Aroma.  Perhaps it was the fact that in an area with an already awkward racial tension I was just over it.  But I grabbed the doll and marched into the store filled with self-righteousness and anger.And I thought, "What the hell am I gonna do now  Stage a sit-in"So like any disaffected post-Sixties, post-Gen X kid would do, I bought it.  I paid $6 for a piece of outdated, racist iconography.  I emancipated Mammy.  (The Emancipation of Mammy--there's a title that won't be a Mariah Carey album any time soon.)She now angrily sits on my coffee table, making people feel uncomfortable.  And I'm happier it's there than on display on the sidewalk for all passers-by to think it's okay to take.Do I feel comfortable that I bought it  No, but I'm glad it's not just chillin' out there any more.And I officially hate Carrie's now.But at least Mammy is free.
The decision of Carrie's owner, to encourage the painting of degrading racial caricatures of African-Americans on her store walls this past week has only reaffirmed my feeling that this place is both unwelcoming and attempts to dialog are in bad faith.  While the protests did surrounding the mural did lead to the owner ordering it repainted, I am still deeply hurt and upset that such imagery was even considered allowable, particularly when combined with the store's willingness to sell racist memorabilia, like the Mammy Doll.I am greatly angered by and disappointed in this place.
Stuff Antiques does have wonderful objects.  It is a good idea to go in knowing what things are worth.  There are no price tags on items and I believe that the owner will take advantage of the unseasoned buyer.  Unfortunately, I did not heed my own advice, and paid way too much for a number of items.  They do very nice restorations, but do not give one even a ballpark figure of what it might cost or when it will be done.
BEWARE!!!!  I was taken advantage of by Joe and this man lacks honesty.  I had to arrive with the police to retrieve a table he was supposed to call me with an estimate to restore and come to an agreement about a price to sell it.  Instead I received a check in the mail for $250 with a note that he sold it!!!  It was still in his store for a price tag of $1,200 and he was untruthful about even that to the police.  How very sad it took the police to make things right with this dishonest fellow!
 Closed  :(
I called to inquire about their menu and was meet with some resistance. the person who answered the phone would only tell me to come in and see the decor and and menu. i thought it was a joke and asked again but to no avail didn't get anywhere. this place put a bad taste in my mouth...ssh.
i am not persian but embarressed to see the wine called royal kirre..shouldnt be there royal kircome on...be nice..filemignone was not very bad but nothing compare to atlantas rumis..
This was the worst Persian food I have ever had. The service was even worse than the food. I will never go there again, I have been in many persian restaurants in LA and the Bay Area, this one stands at the bottom of the list. I recommend anything else but Habib.
Avoid it. Owner is crazy and does not treat customers with respect.
I had heard some things about the owner (Habib) saying that he was a rude person etc etc. During the time I lived in Las Vegas I dined there 2 or 3 times and didn't experience anything too bad BUT during my last visit during a trip to Las Vegas I had an experience with the owner that makes me doubt that I will ever be going back again. I had always heard that the owner was rude and finally saw it with my own eyes.Habib was taking our order. My mother asked if the fish was fresh and Habib said yes. My father asked again in the most polite words and soft spoken, friendly, respectful tone of voice if the fish was fresh or fresh frozen (my dad eats a lot of fish!) Habib SNAPPED back in a rude, confrontational and aggressive tone of voice and said "I already answered you once! I do not need your business!" I was frankly shocked. This was after my father had earlier paid him a compliment on his restaurant when we first got there. Frankly it ruined our mood, our meal and whole evening. My mother at this point preferred to leave but we were already there, settled in, tired from travel and we stayed and ate our food.The persian food here is reasonably good. Nothing spectacular but not disappointing. The prices are high for what is offered though. There are other places in town with better persian food (see reviews for Royal Persis and form your own opinion) but the physical location etc is not quite as nice, although my limited interactions with the owner there have been pretty pleasant. The inside of Habib's is more upscale, say, if you wanted to bring a guest from out of town, but frankly with an owner that can pop off at any moment does it really matter He can ruin any physical attributes the restaurant has with a few words.The other wait staff were pretty friendly. I think they may know that the owner acts the way he does and may try to make up for it (or are just trying to avoid pissing him off themselves).
NO STAR! Went to Habib's with my elder parentsfamily, Habib the owner also server snapped impatiently right when we walked-in to get seated.  He seemed to be having a bad day and took it out on my parents and I.  He took my moms order and when my mom mentioned she does not want her food overly cooked he was impatient and rude.  My dad wanted to get seated over by the window and he was denied.  When he asked for an explanation, Habib said to him I'm diabetic and can not carry the food from the kitchen to the widow seat near the entry where my dad preferred to get seated.  Habib said to my dad I'm the owner also management here and I won't allow you to sit there if you don't like it then leave.  By then Habib had taken five of our orders, when it was my turn to order, I was the only one at the table who's order was not taken by Habib, taken-back by Habib's rude behavior I set down the menu and didn't want to order food, therefore, he asked me to leave on front of my family and raced to my seat as well as personal space as if he's going to hit me.  I got up, words were exchanged and he ran to the front grabbing a phone and threatening to call the police.  We were certainly not treated with any respect.I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS RESTAURANT TO ANYONE.  Habib is a rude jerk and don't know what else to say. That was 30 minutes into our arrival to Las Vegas and starting our family vacation.
The owner was absolutely rude. I came with 3 friends, he was acting as if we own him for coming there. Food was ok, not the best persian food i tried but not the worse. Too bad the owner does ruin his business with his attitude because i would of came back if it wasnt for horrible service i received. Too bad he lost 4 customers because none of us will support this business
I took a party of 6 friends and co-workers there last week when attending a tradeshow in Vegas ... I will never do that again!Biggest issue:  The bill came and I noticed just about 30% added to the bill as "tax" ... yes, 30%!  When I asked the server about it, he said that that includes 18% as service fee and 8.1% as tax ... and that that is explained in the menu.  I have several issues with this:1. Shame on me for not reading the menu and the fine print ... my mistake, but if you are reading this review, you don't have to make this mistake.2. Why am I forced to leave an 18% tip  The tip is not at my discretion.  If the server is not helpful, I can't express myself in any way.  3. Why is listed as "tax"  I bet you most people do not even see it and add tip on top of it automatically!!!  That is stealing!4. Now, it gets worse:  I asked the server that if there is an 18% service fee plus an 8.1% tax, that adds up to 26.1%.  So, why is there an almost 30% charge  They add 8.1% to the bill and then they add 18% tip on top of it.  So, the effective percentage for tip is higher than 18%.Food:  It was no special in any way.  I am very familiar with Persian food.  I have had it in many cities and many countries.  I look for Persian restaurants everywhere I go.  This restaurant is not bad but it is not good either.  The food in NO WAY justifies the prices they charge!  I had chicken with bones, and it was not cooked well.  For appetizer, we had tadig which the crispy rice that is cooked in the bottom of the pan, and we had it with two kinds of stew.  Tadig was good but not enough for 6 people.  Stews were OK, but again not special.Service:  It was OK.  The server was not really pleasant: smiling or welcoming.  He was not rude or anything, but I felt like we were bothering him being there.  And the place was not busy.  The service in NO WAY justified more than 18% in tip.  But think about it the guy didn't care because he knew he will get his tip any way.  I will not recommend this place:  not for food, not for service and not for being overcharged!
Habibbbbbb is the rudest, meanest, uglyist, guy I have ever seen as a owner of restaurant. He treats his persian customer so badly, like he is living in Iran or Afghanestan.  He thinks persian people here don't have any right in his restaurant.  last time we were a party of 10 . waiting 2 hours , not that it was crowded , but because he just had one waiter.  the worker are terrified of him.  The food has very low quality, small portion , uncooked, but the price was so high. He charged 35% gratitude which comes with the bill and we had no choice , but to pay.  Bad experience , never go back and don't suggested to anyone. don't let the environment follish you.
First if there is a way to give zero stars, I would give it. I took my friends with his kids and my family there for lunch while visiting the city for a trade show. Shame on me for not reading the reviews!Waiter: The waiter, like others reported on their reviews, was the owner. He was rude, impatient and not interested in providing a traditional service. My son is only tow years old, and ordering a whole meal would have been a waste. So, I politely asked if I could have an extra plate. Waiter was fast to add that he charges $5 for sharing a plate. The first time I heard of such foolish charge.  Our table was in an area where the waiter couldn't reach three of my guests, and we told him that we can pass things down to him. He got upset and made a snappy remark. Food:  The food was about average.  Most of us ordered the same dish, and we all had meat that were not cooked all the way. We mentioned it to him at the end of our meal just to bring it to his attention. All and all the experience was horrible, and I do t recommend this to anyone.
I do not recommend. This place is expensive for what it is. They were unaware they even have this Yelp promotion. They hesitantly gave me 10% off one of my entrees but not my entire order. A group of 3 people(that looked like they knew the worker) arrived and placed their order after me, but got their order before me. Just bad customer service.
Yelp. No. I've noticed that yelp reviews in vegas from off the strip can't be trusted. I cannot believe this place has 4 stars. I came in for lunch and ordered from the lunch menu. I was either jipped or the picture on the menu lies to you. I only received one small kabob for my order that cost me $9. Rip off much My favorite part of the meal was probably the rice..... Sad, I know. Not to mention it took me 20 minutes to get my food when I was the only customer there. Isn't this kind-of a fast food joint anyways
I was really excited to find out that there was a vegetarian option across the street from my college.  However, I have had several bad experiences with the restaurant. I have attempted to eat here twice when they were closed. One time when I did catch them while they were open, they were out of the main ingredient in the dish I wanted to order, asparagus. So, on the fourth try, I was successful at ordering what I wanted and they were actually open. Unfortunately, the price soured my mouth. I think that at $20 dollar each for a veggie stir fry and purple shoots is absolutely insane. Picture it, two scoops of rice with various vegetables. $20 each It wasn't even as if it was a LARGE serving. I'd skip Persian Garden and go to Mu Shu grill on the other corner; it's much less pricey.
The worst Persian food I ever ate.Hummus was tasteless. Gyro meat was that pre-sliced frozen meat you can buy at CostCo. I won't be back.I have nothing more to say than stay away........................................................................
This may be the best restaurant in all of the Phoenix metro area. It might surpass all of the hottest places to eat around here on the weekend. But it's not Persian. No more than say...mcdonalds. They had grilled cheese. Yep. First thing that warned us when we got there was the sign talking about this was one of their lunch specials. They had falafel. Falafel is middle eastern Arabic thought to have originated from Egypt. Persians are not Arabs. So not Persian food.They had gyros. Gyros are Greek. Even farther off (but closer than grilled cheese). They DID have chicken kababs but you could tell they weren't any more Persian than some chicken I throw on the grille. I hated to give this place a low review because we didn't eat there. But we did drive all across town to eat there only to find out they have zero persian Food. No koobideh. No barg kabab.
Because no stars was not an option. Traveled from north phoenix because of the reviews....735 on friday night and they're locked up. No lights on. According to the information here, they should be open. Peace out!
Why bother
Our dining experience was less than desirable & very disappointing. Save your money folks. There are much better dining options in Scottsdale!  The decor is nice & is far superior than the service & food. When our waiter showed up he greeted us with "are you ready".  There was no explanation of how to eat the onion, basil, cilantro & strips of breadbutter. The food was very bland. I had the veggie eggplantokra dish which was very over cooked. The eggplant was gross and hard to even get on my fork. Very mushy and reminded me of snot!!!  The okra was mushy and flavorless. I ended up adding raw onion from the appetizer plate just to get some flavor. The rice was okay. My hubby had the veggie skewer and agreed it was very bland & tasteless. Not worth the price. We will never return!Plus the staff needs a refresher course in customer service!
A group of 7 woman chose to dine at the Persian room.  We came from all over the valley, from Goodyear, from Chandler, etc.  How excited we were.  We all had heard such wonderful comments about the restaurant.  We went on an Saturday night, reservations at 6. Assumingly, their busiest night, so they should have been well prepared.  What a horrendous experience we had.  It started off well.  But we noticed right away the service was slow.  When I was finally able to flag someone down to take my drink order, I was informed they could not make a mojito as they did not have any mine.  No mint  A middle eastern restaurant without mint They tried to push their signature drink on me, but I was not interested.  I had already been informed the drink was overly sweet.  Fine, I just stuck with water.  Another attendee ordered a Pear Martini that she had to send back as it tasted like cough syrup.  She ended up with one of their signature drinks.  Dinners were ordered.  For $17.00 I received a large plate with 34 of it rice and what looked like one skewer of chicken.  Looking around, the plates of the other attendees looks pretty much the same, a small portion of meat and 34 of rice.  The entire time we were there [approx. 3 hours] not once were our water glasses refilled.   Not once did the waitress come over and asked how everything was, did we need anything.  Not once.  After dinner, the dinner plates took an extremely long time to be removed and not all the plates were removed.  Two of the woman ordered the Persian Pastry, only to be informed by the waitress they were all out of it.  Did the woman want something else  One woman ordered baklava and the other ordered another item off the menu.  What she received was not what she ordered on the menu, but instead another item was brought out, having been told once again, the second dessert she ordered was not available either.  Two of us women decided to order an after dinner coffee, with a shot of Kahlua and whipped cream. They were brought out iced, and in a whiskey glass.  What  I informed the waiter I wanted hot coffee.  Got my hot coffee, luke warm, and again in a whiskey glass.  Really  I wanted a cup of coffee, and I get it in a whiskey glass  Another woman at the table just wanted a cup of regular coffee and it took the waitress over 15 minutes to bring her the coffee.  What, did they have to pick and grind the beans.  Meanwhile, dirty dinner plates remained on the table.  Finally, we all had enough.  Once of the woman took charge after the waitress was bringing by the checks.  She wanted to speak with the manager.  During the 12 hour, many discussions took place, whereas the manager was very condescending. [Makes you wonder if that is how he speaks with his customers in general, or just us because we were woman]. They were understaffed that night.  It's a Saturday night.  It is the restaurant's responsibility to make sure they are staff and the customers are attended to.  He offered to give a $30 dollar gift card for us to come back.  Come back  That was laughable.  We are never coming back and cannot wait to tell our experience to our friends.  The manager then comes over with the two desserts that were initially ordered  Where were these the first time around  Oh, the waitress did not know that they did in fact have the desserts.  Would we like them know No!  What we want is our check and some compensation for our horrible experience.  "We could box up the desserts and you can take them home".  What part of no did he not understand.  After much insistence he did comp some of each of our checks, but the full gratuity was left on.  No way.  We were not leaving a full tip.  The woman was a horrendous waitress and full tips were not given.  Never ever ever going back!!  The show Mystery Diners would have had a field day with this one.
Very overrated. Our food was cold and my vegetarian dish was awful. Overall a bad experience.
Ordered 35 on the menu. Extremely disappointed. Four pieces of hard lamb... and 95% of the dish Jasmine rice. Very blah. Will never come back.
My husband and I were the only Caucasian Hispanic couple in the joint so I guess we got the visitors (non-ethic related) plate--one that was bland, skimpy, cold and had a hair in it.  I can't help but to notice that the BAD food is for the Gringos. Sunday was busy, we dressed casually and got the the bad joke about my hubby's t-shirt from the waiter. There were plenty of casual exercise wearing families there.I would have been very upset had I felt like I dressed for a special occasion and received this Extremely Bad Food. Big deal on the decor, the inside looks like an over the top gaudy and old fashioned ethnic restaurant. My husband and I would have rather eaten at a fast food (forbidden for us) restaurant! Lamb was a cheaply cut, marinated in water and pounded to separate the grizzle. A measly 4 1 inch pieces that aren't even 1 inch solid chucks of meat. Seriously, I can cook Persian food MUCH better.  The plate made the portions look large.  The service was fast but the portions misleading and a TOTAL ripp off.The waiter never checked on us. And how do you eat chunks of raw onion with basil and bread Who wants to be around someone after eating raw onions--GROSS! I would give this zero stars but the yogurt dip was the only good thing.PS: Groupon sucks for carrying this crap
Not sure if this has changed hands, but the gyro I got had minimal meet at best. Big dissatisfaction. Won't be back
i have been visiting this restaurant since i moved to AZ. it was very delicious at first, but the quality started to drop down a lot with time. lately, they were always been serving me an almost frozen food especially lamb shank. lightly warmed up, and very cold from inside. i was very disappointed and frustrated. also, what really bugged me was that i talked to the manager about this issue and i proved that to him, but he did not show any type of courtesy such as 10-15% off for their low quality food. NOT EVEN A SMALL DISH of desserts.
This place has went down the drain. From one of our favorite weekly visits to probably some of the worst customer service. Very disappointed to what this place has become
The kabob and food is ok, but they add food fillers and additives which makes you bloated and nauseated. Furthermore, they are a rip off restaurant. A group of us decided to eat here and they quoted us a fixed price for the buffett, soft drinks and deserts.  However, when they brought the bill they added extra price for soft drinks and we did not get any deserts as promised.  I would never go back to this establishment and would take my bussiness elsewhere with higher quality foods and honest service.
Went to TK specifically to try the pistachio ice cream. They were out. Then I asked what other dessert I could try instead (read: I want to spend money in your establishment), I was told I could only get dessert if I ordered other food as well. And they promptly lost a potential customer for this inane rule.
If your business says you are open until 9:30pm, then you should be taking customers.  If not, lock your doors.  We arrived at 9:15pm and asked if food was being served as we could sense a hesitation in the greeting.  She went to "check".  Afterwards, another woman came out (the head honcho) and told us, "We can serve you, but you'd have to be out by 10:30 (with a straight face and looked us in the eye).  My friend looked at me to see what I was thinking.  I was already on my way out the door.  That was highly disrespectful.  There is a way to talk to people.  Just say your kitchen is closed.  I don't tolerate ANY level of disrespect from ANY establishment.  So maybe your business is doing THAT well that you feel you don't need new customers.  (I don't think any business is is in that position, especially nowadays).  I don't care what you're serving up in there, no thanks.  There are way too many places to eat...pause.
I just got a take out from here, the Beef Kabob. There is a reason I get take out,  I can't cook. But I darn sure could have cooked this one. I got white rice (Uncle Bens), some meat that had been cooked on the grill straight from the cow, no spices  sauces or anything extravagant lke that, and a half onion that might have passed over the grill on the way to my takeout box.A hint of yellow coloring that may have been either saffron or crayon, I'm not sure. It sure looked pretty but didn't taste like anything.$18 bucks after take out tip, I wish I'd just gone to Wendy's.
We went there with high hopes & but got disappointment.Many of the items had just rice with charred vegetables without any spice. Even meat items had no taste. We felt it too costly for the quality we got.Desserts were okay.
Persian food is known for subtle, well crafted delicious  food. Tasty kabab fails off the bat. This place used to be one of the best in Phoenix when it opened. It has changed hands many times and getting worst. Besides the sub par food, the tired decor and bad service make a visit to this place a mistake. When I asked the owner for my tea, she even snarled and said when she gets done with her paperwork. By the way, the tea was never delivered. There are many better Persian restaurant choices
Worst service ever, the manager was angry and screaming and was being very rude when we asked her about the meals, never going there again, she was screaming at all the waitresses.
Bad service. Cold food. Not even a smile from the servant or the owner lady. We asked her to warm the food for us and she started complaining about our request saying "don't you see how hot it is" OH HELLO it doesn't matter, coz we didn't like the way it feels when you provided it. Finally we had to wait for 15 minutes for the check even though we asked for it. The the ugly servant came with the check and just dropped it on the table without even being polite to some extends. Totally not recommended restaurant. You could find a better place for the price you gonna pay here with bad service.Waste of mood. Waste of time. Waste of money.
Really 4 stars!! This place was AWFUL. I love AfghaniPersianMediterraneanetc, but the food here is completely uninspired, cafeteria-grade slop, from start to finish. Usually Yelp has some fairly reliable reviews, but the 8 or so for this place were just completely off base. Hummus was fine, the only edible thing ordered. Fried eggplant appetizer was lacking is both flavor and ingenuity -- all I could taste was oil. Lamb kabobs -- the best stateside, according to one delusional reviewer -- just an utter joke. 5 tiny pieces of dry, overcooked and tasteless lamb, one of which was all cartilage. The accompanying salad was an Albertson's-grade ruffage melange. The other lamb rice dish was better, at least not super tough or bland, and the rice was alright, but the lentils were not cooked--like at all. I know restaurants have off nights, but any restaurant worth its salt should come through with at least one or two solid dishes. I wouldn't come within shitting distance of this place ever again. To y'all believers out there, all I can say is:WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF! WTF!
Fart Face Apparently I can't eat a shitty meal without being the subject of pointless ridicule. Maybe if I was as high off of my own ego as one reviewer (let's call her "Dog Shit"), I would've enjoyed the charcoal briquettes trying to pass as lamb kabobs DS recommended. Or the oil pouches masquerading as the 'traditional' fried eggplant app I've had at many Med eateries....maybe 'ingenuity' was the wrong word -- 'flavor' was sufficient -- but wtf Is that what this spat is about Word choice 'Rebellious iconoclast' is redundant, but I don't get my rocks off on scrutinizing sloppy diction on a fucking food reviewing website. DS is defensive bc I had a bad meal at a restaurant she likes. BFD! This is about the food, not you, DS. It's always about the food! I could give two shits about what you or your cadre of ass-kissing lemmings who drool over every SAT word and spunky made-up phrase populating your reviews think about Kabob Palace. I just want tasty food. Maybe it was an off night -- who knows. But unless you're paying, I'm not going back.So let's just boil this shit down to its essence: The food I ate SUCKED. Get over it.
I decided to check this place out to see what all the fuss was about.  Four reasons to not bother:1. Despite being in a strip mall at the intersection of two major roads and close by several upscale neighborhoods, the "Palace" was completely empty at 12:30 on a weekday.  Never a good sign.  Guess this place doesn't do a lot of lunch business. 2. I had the lamb kabobs which were dry and gamey like overcooked deer meat.  Meh.3. The decor leaves much to be desired, the food leaves much to be desired, and the service was slow and grumpy.  Did I wake them from their midafternoon siesta  4. Even Olive Garden has more variety, more consistency, a more pleasant atmosphere and better value.  With so many better options in Vegas, why would you come here  Oh that's right.  No one does.
hit the Palace last week with the roomie - it's 7 pm - we're the only customers.  ok, it's the holidays, the economy sucks, blah blah blah.Amazingly, after being seated, it takes 3 minutes for someone to take our drink order.  After ordering a water and soda, the server rolls her eyes - i sense it was because we didn't order more.  Order the kabob combo,  geez i don't even remember what else, the delay in taking the order, the delay in getting the food, i really can't remember what the food was like - fuck this place !
Are you freakin' kidding me I can't see how this place could possibly get more than one star. In fact, if I could give it ZERO stars, that's what I'd do.Terrible service. And someone was having a big screaming match in the back, so they turned the music up to try to drown them out.Tough, disgusting, dry, overcooked excuse of lamb kabob with sides that weren't any better. Decor = -1. Service = -1. Screaming match = -5. Food = -1If you want good kabobs there are way better places to go.Yuck.Place seems to be under new ownership and the location looked different. I wonder if my past review was confused about locale or if this one is.
Dropped by after church. We were told that the Sunday Buffet starts at 1PM. We were just 15 minutes early so we decided to wait it out and ordered Persian tea. The food for the buffet started trickling out after 1 PM and the last dish came out at exactly 2:11 PM, approx 1.5 hrs when we arrived.The food was tasteless and the gentleman at the counter kept telling us everything will be out in 1 minute! I tried the meatballs but there seems to be egg shells in them! I could hear and taste the crunch!We still tried what they brought out, but for the money we paid ($8,95 per), I would have rather gone to Zaytoon's on Durango at Twain.This place is a sorry excuse for a restaurant.
The people who work here are very rude. I have gone back a few times thinking it may have just been the person working that day was just a rude person, but no it happen every time. I am not a young hip person and felt very out of place there. It is like you are walking into someone's house and bothering them. The people working behind the counter act like you are interfering with there conversation. Plus it is very dirty. Perhaps the people working there should try cleaning the place instead of talking to each other. I will not go back again.
The coffee isn't good and they don't seem to care. If you're a local, I get that it's the only game in town but this place isn't worth traveling for. I really wanted to like tazza d'oro. I've been several times, hoping that my bad experiences were isolated incidences. I drink espresso. I know what it should taste like and what it looks like when the person making it gives a damn. I have no complaints about paying $3.00 for an espresso but if it isn't right and I let you know you should probably try again. The last time I went in, both baristas admitted they hadn't triedpulled the espresso I ordered. The gentlemen working there, who was very nice, pulled my shot. I tried it and it was very sour. I let the girl standing directly in front of me know that I didn't think it was pulling correctly and her response was an unenthused look and the comment "ya well we just got it". Silly me to have expected that you also want the espresso you "just got" to taste good...This place clearly isn't going anywhere in the near future. It's a favorite with locals who like to hangout there. It's just a shame that they seem to have all of the equipment and even the beans to make at least a decent shot and they don't seem to care about actually pulling it off.
I want to give this dump a big fat 0.My mother and I went this past weekend very hopeful that the food would be good based on the fact they won Best in Madison. How on earth did this place win any award for great food and service is beyond me.The menu was extremely old, small and the coffee was pure water.  I order the walleye, hash browns, toast and eggs breakfast.My mother order biscuits and gravyMy toast was cold, hash browns had no tastes, over easy eggs were not cooked fully and fish was very small in size.Mothers gravy was too salty and a thick bunch of sop. The menu had no coordination. Biscuit,gravy and hash browns That is nothing but starch!With that aside,Not only that but the server was horrible. I felt like she ignored my mother and I the entire time. I understand they were kinda busy. Fine. We can be patient. However, she refilled coffees at her other tables and stopped by to tell the customers their food was being made after waiting for so long. We did not receive such treatment. She passed our table several times and never once asked us how was the food or why our orders were taking so long. Not once.  She was a horrible waitress.Neither my mother or I could finish our food. I took possibly 4 bites and was done.We spent less time eating then we did waiting and ordering. Waitress continued to ignore us, so we got up and just walked over to pay.I told the cashier the food was horrible and I wouldn't be back. She then stated to us that normally the food is good and she wasn't sure why it was taking the kitchen so long and were getting orders wrong. But here is the killer... she then leans over and says " I hate our kitchen staff, we need new ones"What kind of place does that You do no throw your co workers under the bus TO CUSTOMERS! I was beyond flabbergasted. Just a horrible business, not friendly and food is beyond pathetic. Do not go here. I have no idea who in their right mind would vote them as "Best in Madison" or give it 5 stars unless you do not have taste buds. If you want great food, coffee AND service, go to The Original Pancake House in Monona.
Honestly, the food is pretty good and the little "cafe" is clean, but I still couldn't manage to give it more than one star.Why Because I just can't stand  the lady who owns and runs it (and cooks your way-too-overpriced food). She's rude. I work in the building and have eaten there on many desperate occasions. The food is pricey (go to Schlotzky's across the street for better value). And it's really not that good. It tastes ok... nothing special at all though.She's ALWAYS out of something I want, literally every single time I'm there (no potato salad, no bacon, no ham, no tomatoes). What sort of fresh breakfastlunch place is out of tomatoes at 9 AM I like ham on my breakfast burrito (comes with three choices: bacon, ham, or sausage). At 8 AM, how does one run out of both bacon and ham (the sausage is kind of odd, I can't eat it) on a regular basisDespite me eating there for the past year on a somewhat consistent basis, paying cash every time, she still has to count EVERY last penny before she will even let me put my zingers in a bag.Scenario: I see zingers I want, ask how much they are ($1), tell her I'm setting the money right here by the register, and since she's cooking, put 4 quarters neatly stacked right near the register (as she watches me and my 4 quarters like a hawk). Then, she finishes my burrito, puts it in a bag, and I go to put the zingers in the bag as well. BAD IDEA! No! Must go count all 4 quarters before they can even enter that bag to sit alongside the tiny $4 burrito I have already paid for! She honestly acts paranoid that people are trying to steal from her or jip her, even with her regular customers. It's no wonder the place is always empty. If you go, and see more than two other people in there at lunch time, consider it a miracle.And, it's not just me. I'm always polite, say please and thank you, smile. Never let on that I can't stand this woman at all. Everyone on my floor has the exact same thing to say and will only eat down there when they are really desperate and in a time crunch. Most of the people here would rather run across the street to Burger King (and most of the people around me make enough money to consider Burger King beneath them, so that actually says a lot.) Even more go to the 2700 Tower's little store (read below)... they are always busy (but you can still get in and out fast).This past visit to Central Cafe, there was a small bowl of little chocolates sitting by the register, half empty. She hasn't had those before, and there was no sign on them to indicate any sort of price. My friend, assuming they were free, took a single one and ate it, to then be informed to cough up a quarter! My friend said "oh, there's no sign. Everybody has these out for everyone." No... that did not fly. The lady had to have her quarter. I gave her two dimes and 5 pennies. And she counted every single last penny, slowly (we would not want to miss a penny, would we)She will probably know who I am after writing this review, but at this point, I really don't care. I have no intention of ever eating there again. I've decided I won't be that desperate again. I've come to the conclusion I'd rather not eat first.If you want something super quick nearby, try the 2700 tower's little shop (right by the smoking area, next to the entrance to their parking garage), the next building north of our 2600Central Cafe Tower. The Asians who run it are always very pleasant, also cook basics (think burger, hot dog, burrito, fresh sandwiches wrapped up, etc), and their prices are really reasonable for on-the-go food. They are more of a mini-Circle-K with a small corner where they make food (more diverse options than Central Cafe), all fresh and all pretty cheap for a downtown Phoenix office building shop. And they don't elaborately count every cent, stare at customers, and treat every patron with suspicion... in fact, they're liberal with the Leave-a-Penny-Take-a-Penny jar. More cramped store, but a much better place to grab something quick and not feel like a thief just for coming in!
Bad food. Bug problem. In a neighborhood full of homeless roaming the streets like zombies.
I don't know what the hype is. I ordered steak which came out luke warm and over salted. It seemed old. Also my veggies weren't seasoned at all and were not even steamed. Not interested in returning.
Skip this one.
This has got to be the most overrated restaurant in Charlotte. I've been 3 times and I have never been impressed.  But this last time was horrible. This is the McDonald's of Cajun cuisine. Every dish we had was completely flavorless. Fortunately it was only half price because of the Groupon that I used. And even at half off it was overpriced relative the to the exceptionally low quality of the food. I'll never go back.
I have been to this place plenty of times. I have always had good meals and service. But tonight was bad. I went ther with my wife's work friends. We sat at the bar tables and had a bartender named Bo(very red hair)   We had About 8 people and he insisted that if we sit at the tables we have to order food, which we had planned to do. He seemed annoyed with us because we just ordered fried oysters and lots of drinks(it was Friday and happy hour, so we were sitting around chatting and drinking)  we were actually going to order an entre and stay for dinner but Bo seemed very disinterested in us, until it came time to pay the bill, then he was really nice(tip time! Overall the food is good there, but Bo did not make it a pleasant experience. Smile Bo, it will get you far in life!
This was our first visit to this restaurant. It boasts a Louisiana  style menu. However this dish ( cajun platter) lacked any type of cajun spices. You can't serve red beans and rice with no gravy  and consider that to be a  Louisiana style dish. My husband ordered the New York strip and had to put salt on it because there was no flavor. I certainly have had better and I would not visit again. Overrated!
Visiting Charlotte from Los Angeles while husband is in town for business. The good: The upstairs dining room has a live band and lively atmosphere. People are talking loud and enjoying themselves. Have a drink before your dinner comes for an even better time. We each had a glass of wine. The sauce from the barbeque shrimp was the best part of our meal. Not the shrimp, the sauce with bread dipped in.The bad: Food is mediocre. We had the Cajun popcorn, which is fried crawfish that comes out partially covered in a remoulade sauce. Good, but on the salty side. Tell them to put the sauce on the side when you order so you can dip instead. The sauce took away from the dish and the ones that were smothered in the sauce remained on the place, uneaten. We each had a cup of seafood gumbo, There is no meat other than seafood in the gumbo (yay!) but it was bland and the rice seemed undercooked and flavorless. We ordered a large order of the barbeque shrimp and I got a side order of grits. The sauce in the barbeque shrimp was spicy and delicious; dip the bread from your bread basket in this tasty broth. The shrimp were on the small and limp side; not memorable at all as far as texture. The final insult: the grits. Grits are a favorite food of mine. I'm a southern girl and make real deal, bomb-azz grits at home. The grits at Cajun Queen were those instant, "add boiling water to reconstitute," grits. Culinary blasphemy.I will not return. If you want real grits, go to Mert's Heart and Soul.
So incredibly let down by this dining experience. Our waiter was simultaneously overbearing and absent-minded. Half of our table got their meals 10-15 mins before the other half and the waiter forgot to bring two of us our desserts. Meanwhile, the food was terrible. The fried green tomatoes lacked any kind of seasoning and the crawfish etouffee was bland and not at all spicy. The tollhouse cookie pie was also a travesty. How does one mess up a cookie pie! At least the key lime pie was good, but not worth the $250 dollar bill :(
Do not waste your money! The gumbo tasted like the roux had burned and there was no salt whatsoever. I ordered the blackened chicken to be safe thinking "no one can mess up blackened chicken".....I was wrong. None of the food (including the blackened chicken) were seasoned with salt and pepper. This was the most bland, overpriced food I'd ever had in the city. I ordered my toddler the chicken strip little gators meal. The fries were the best thing out of the entire meal. The service was as also dry and not very friendly or inviting from the hostess to the waiter, Brandon. Geez, I know it's a Tuesday night (we arrived at 5:30) but at least show some enthusiasm as I arrive to spend a whopping $123 (4 entrees, 4 alcoholic bevs, 1 kids meal) on a below average meal. It would've been more had we been charged for the uneaten cup of gumbo.
I take everyone that comes to visit me to Cajun Queen!  From the great food (my favorite is the bbq shrimp and bread to dip into the sauce), to the live jazz and great service, this is a restaurant not to be missed!
DISABLED PEOPLE, PLEASE BEWARE I've been a patron of Cajun Queen for over a decade but my experience tonight was humiliating. I treated my sister to  a birthday dinner and despite our online reservation, we were asked to leave in  the most demeaning of ways. I have a debilitating childhood disease and use a wheelchair on occasion ; tonight was one such occasion. I could only order food I knew didn't require cutting, so I opted for potatoes and a salad. My sister ordered a full meal with wine. I had two mixed drinks (so we're not cheap diners). We had to signal for another glass of wine for my sister, despite seeing the party next to us being served appropriately. I'm not sure why we were overlooked but I'm left to wonder if it's the small portion I ordered that was disparaging.Anyway, when my sister went to look upstairs a minute to reminisce, our server asked my sister quite off the cuff, "Do you want help with 'her' (wheel)chair I kinda need that table."Taken aback, my sister said, "No." We took note of the EMPTY tables on BOTH sides of us and the fact that the restaurant wasn't crazy busy as we remembered. I spent $67 on a tab for two  and left a TIP of $20--clearly more than twenty percent.I don't know many people who tip as graciously as I  do. My reasoning for leaving the tip despite the service, was it being Christmas time and it's something I do for goodwill.When we rolled to the handicap ramp, it was completely (I mean, completely) blocked off by an A-frame sign about parking; see for yourself. Had  my sister not been with me, I would have not been able to access the restaurant at all.I haven't  always been disabled and ran a restaurant, myself (loved every minute of it). I know how people can take advantage (campers) and I know people can be uber-cheap at tipping. I don't fall into  either ilk. I know good service when I see it; I know how to approach diners who overstay their 'welcome (their can NEVER be anyone who overstay their welcome; consider it flattery); it's part of doing business and keeping patrons happy.  Take a loss here and there. We were in and HOME in a little over two hours. The couple beside us with the adorable little girl who  laid all over the booth was fine by me; she's a child and CQ is a noisy place. I felt a sting of angst when I asked for my food to be wrapped. The facial gestures were quite unsettling.Please don't tell me I'm sensitive: I've had over FORTY surgeries--TWO with NO painkillers afterwards. I've walked on a BROKEN leg to buy wrapping paper tape been accosted because I wasn't 'messed up' "enough'" to ''deserve a handicap tag. So enough ---but there's  no excuse for inhospitably between diner and those needing  to use the facilities.''PLeASe let these be a isolated parents.'PLEASE LEAVE :)
Very loud, bad service, and the food doesn't met the expectations. We came w a party of 10 people, we didn't even get menus for a while, it was so loud we could hardly listen to our server. Dirty plates were sitting in our table for a long time. Super disappointed
if you're looking for a nice night out, keep looking...
I've never been to New Orleans, so I don't know if that makes me somehow less qualified to review this place.  But, I suspect a fair amount of people have never been to China, and it doesn't stop them from reviewing PF Changs.ANYWAY, the thing about NOTO whenever I have eaten there is that I am always expecting it to be way greater than it really is because of the way people talk about it.  I am always expecting this transcendent experience, but really, all I get is a styrofoam container of some spicy slop that really has no real flavor underneath the initial tongue shock of cayenne pepper.
I had the red beans and white rice with cornbread, dirty rice, fries. Not quite what my granny used to make. But the dirty rice was spicy and I added it to the bland white rice and beans to add flavor to it. It was ok buy upset my stomach. Cornbread was dense and moist Flavorless though. I wanted some warm buttery cornbread goodness. Nope. The fries and bbq sauce was all I liked in my order.
Can I give zero stars I didn't even get to eat. As soon as we walked in the cashier looked at us and walked in the back and never came back out. The cooks were outside smoking and gossiping about the night before's drunk. This was at 6 pm. Prime dinner time. The tables were all dirty. The visible part of the kitchen was messy and cross contaminated. Overall, we were flagrantly ignored. We left after ten minutes of non-service. I was very sad because I had heard such good reviews and the menu looked good, but the facilities were sketchy.
The prices are obscene they cook in nasty old grease we had the fish and shrimp both were awful and not enough a two year old could prepare better food! We were Very disappointed and will not be going back.
Some restaurants in this area have Chicago-envy.  That must be the problem with Radio Maria.  The fusion menu doesn't work because the chef has not mastered the basic cuisines that they are trying to blend.  Dishes are overly complex and are either bland or actively taste bad.  The staff used to describe it as a Caribbean-Polish Fusion.  (Really.)  I have no idea what's going on now.  Spanish-Korean  Soul Food Middle Eastern Style  Masa boats. Frog legs. Ground coffee rubs. Pad Thai. Torta.   The motto seems to be:  when in doubt, add more things that don't go together, none of it done well.This could only be mistaken for sophistication by people who have never been anywhere sophisticated.  Stay away!
Oh Radio Maria, how I wish we could be in love.Radio Maria is like the girl your friends try to set you up with.  You hear how beautiful, how wonderful she is.  Then you meet her, only to find out she bites her fingernails during dinner.This restaurant has all the makings of a high class experience.  It has a pretty bar with house-infused liquor.  (I especially love the ginger vodka.)  There is a large tapas menu, a full service restaurant, and even a hostess!However, that's where the magical journy ends.  You enter the restaurant only to be told to wait.  You may, if you're like me, point out all of the empty tables and ask "why can't I sit there"  "Well," says the snooty hostess, "those are reserved."  Really  You have half of your restaurant empty and those are all reserved  Ok, I'll bite.  Yes, we'll be happy to sit at the bar and have a drink and wait for "about 15 minutes."At the bar, we order two delicious drinks.  They're made well, even though it took a little longer than it should considering there were three people behind the bar.  We decided to ask for the tapas menu so we'd be ready to order.  Sure, I don't mind that this one has food spilled on it.  After about 20 minutes of staring at the menu, not having any contact with the bartenders and certainly not seeing our promised table, we left, paying only for the expensive, but tasty, drinks.Will we go back  Well....no.
I am giving this restaurant 0 stars.  I don't want anyone else wasting their money at this establishment. Here goes:My fellow students and I had organized a fundraiser to be held at R.M. We were raffling off some of our artwork and had ordered a substantial amount of food because we were expecting 50+ guests. Around 8:30pm, there was an AWFUL stench that filled the bar area, followed by a watery mist that began to fall from the ceiling along the west wall of tables. There were a number of people sitting in this area (myself included), who were covered in this putrid water (I had to go home and shower!!!). The food we ordered which was on a nearby table, was also covered. I alerted the manager who said to me "It must be our pipes again." Again This has happened to other customers The manager then called the fire department in to inspect the pipes running along the ceiling, while our guests (those who were left) crowded awkwardly around the bar.  The manager took no action in remedying the situation. Our food was NOT replaced, and the water on the tables and chairs was NOT wiped up, so that the guests could resume sitting. The artwork that was hanging on the wall was also damaged by the water, and was NOT compensated for. Radio Maria had quoted us for the cost of food prior to the event, but when we received our bill, it was over twice what they had quoted. Worse yet, the manager only refunded us the cost of one cheese plate. Thanks. You're swell.  This matter is still not resolved as the owners of Radio Maria seem to think they owe us nothing. I disagree, and until we receive just compensation, I will not be returning and hope you don't either.
I went to Radio Maria for lunch on my birthday with my parents, who drove in from out of town. It turned out to be the worst dinning experience I have ever had. Our waiter William ignored us during the entire time. He completely forgot our appetizer.  When I tried to ask about it with the other servers they ignored me as well. the appetizer finally came after we were done with our meals and our waiter did not even bother to apologize. The food was horrible. My mothers mahi mahi was the driest piece of fish I have ever seen. The portions were extremely small. The "sea food plate", a $12 lunch entree, came with ONE scallop, THREE tiny shrimps and a piece of dried up fish smaller than the size of two quarters. We were all so hungry after the meal we had to go to another restaurant for more food. When I mentioned my poor experience with the manager on duty, he started to make excuses and argue with me. He didn't even bother to apologize. Bad food, bad service. I will never return to this restaurant again. Not for lunch, not for dinner, not for drinks, not for salsa, not for anything. I will tell all my friends to avoid going there for get togethers from now on.
Just felt like adding the fact that I have traveld extensively through all of southern Spain and am very familiar with tapas. The food at this place does not remotely resemble anything I have had in Spain or any other good tapas restaurants in the US (New York, DC, SF, etc.). Everything lacks in flavor and freshness. Bottom line, hate it.
I'd hate to waste a star on this place!I lived right outside of The French Quarter in New Orleans for 8 months. I remember the best of Cajun food and this place was far from what I remember. I'm not big on seafood but everyone at our table ordered a seafood dish and all were not happy with their entree.What did I order I ordered a simple Chicken Po'boy sandwich. How can a Cajun restaurant get this wrong This place did. The chicken was placed on bread that was hard. I expected the chicken to be smothered in BBQ sauce. Wrong! The sauce was on the side. The lettuce on the side of dish that was to be used in the sandwich was a bit on the brown side. The fries were cold. Yuck!Waitress was great. She was the best part of this dining experience. Never again.
If you've ever been to New Orleans and have therefore been spoiled by actual cajun food, this place is a guaranteed disappointment. My $12 shrimp po'boy had maybe 10 shrimp on it, something that is supposed to be a staple of cajun cuisine. The couple of small pickles, half of a tomato slice and soggy lettuce given as dressings for the sandwich were an embarrassment. I'm not sure what flavor the chips were, because there was no flavor. I think I could have had better at Long John Silver's, and I hate Long John Silver's.
nothing to rave about this place.service was poor and the food was bad.I know, I shouldn't expect much on cajun food in phoenix. but I'm always up for an adventure.
Poor management ( young rude leadmanager lady. Line peoplecashier's are very nice and the chicken's really good too; but,  since the bathrooms and dining room is just nasty, I'm buying my food elsewhere! Just nasty and management is unfortunately very poor.
I love their food. But I won't go inside due to the poor cleanliness and bugs. So I opt for the drive thru and usually that works. But tonight was terrible. We pulled up and asked for a minute and then were asked a few seconds later if we were ready. Then a lady came onto the speaker and was so rude. So we decided real quick and she kept interrupting and getting the order wrong. When we finally got the order correct  we paid and they told us it would be 4 minutes. That was fine at least the food was ping to be fresh. They brought us our order and forgot our extra biscuits. When we went to go ask for them the same rude women handed them to us in a napkin. Although I love the food. I will not be returning to this location.
Ruined me and my girlfriend 4th of July got our food got home ate about 20 minutes later diarrhea and I know it was the Popeyes because it was very spicy and I got the spicy chicken tenders I am definitely making up for it today.
The coconut shrimp is tasty.  The tuna salad is really good.  However, most of the menu can be acquired at Red Lobster for about the same price and even better quality.  There is virtually nothing on the menu for a vegetarian.  I would not recommend this place to someone craving seafood, as the quality and freshness are questionable.  Go to Red Lobster instead!
Hahaha, this place is laughable. There is no thought what so ever in their menu items. Everything is far to repetitive; there is no texture, or no flavor. It gets old after the 1st bite. Literally, maybe even less. I'm not a picky person, and I know what good food tastes like. I don't mind tasting different foods, but if I ever had to come back here (if it was a matter of life or death [seriously, I'd only go if someone held a gun to my head and told me too... eh, even then I wouldn't] -) so we can forget about this sentence.The waitress was the valley girl of the west. She was always laughing, never made eye contact, pointed out something in the menu with a spaghetti arm, and said 'like' a lot. It was very annoying. She gave us our plates in the middle of our meal. She gave us our drinks towards the end. It was just horrible service overall. Unfortunately, I went to Sticky Fingers before this place. And if you compare the two, Sticky Fingers is so much better, and I felt so horribly miserable that day, because I had to end my night with food like that. The menu had cool drawings on it, which was the only plus side. I'm very happy to say that I will never eat here again. Ever. In my entire life.
Nasty! Disgusting. I can't believe I even stepped in the doors.
We had high hopes when we entered the restaurant.  The decor was over the top, but fun.  Unfortunately, this place was a disappointment after eating in Louisiana!  The seafood gumbo, or as the menu called it gumbeaux, was not very good.  One of my sons had the crawfish tails and he seemed to like them, but my other son ordered the seafood platter and 6 hours later he was violently ill.  Delightful.  We will not be going to Razoo's Cajun Cafe ever again.
We wanted to like this place, but had a horrible experience.  Our bartenders took a few minutes to greet us, even though we were the only guests at the bar and a few feet away.  We ordered a few apps, the pickles and the fried crayfish tails, and really disliked both.  The breading on the crayfish was mushy and salty, and the tails themselves were flavorless, textureless, and colorless.  The pickles would have been ok, but they were mushy as well.  We told our bartender that we really didn't care for the crayfish, and her response was to say 'Oh,' and walk away. We've heard a lot of people say good things about it, and maybe we just chose bad dishes or the kitchen was having an off day, but I was completely disappointed.  We may go back again and amend the rating, but I'll have to wait until I've gotten the awful taste out of my mouth.
NO MORE GATOR TAIL!!!! I used to love this place, their drinks were awesome, food is great, and the price isn't bad.  Now I have been informed they no longer will get gator tail.  No gator tail means i will not go back bummer
If you like being greeted in the morning by a gym worker slopping down eggs from a frying pany instead of working....this is your gym....complain to the manager and she gets nasty....try getting in touch with the owner....impossible!  Most unprofessional gym ever!!!!
I've had a big change of opinion after spending more time in that gym. The equipment would often break down and never get fixed. Considering how small the gym is, it's inexcusable that two treadmills would be out of service for at least a month. I also had problems with the individual TVs on machines; sometimes they wouldn't work properly or would be completely broken.The gym was generally quiet enough in the mornings, but it would be pretty packed after work. It was hard to find a machine. The staff also didn't really enforce the 30 min time-limit policy, which caused people to have to wait for equipment longer than necessary.I was told on the phone I needed to let them know before the 25th of a given month to cancel my membership moving forward (and not be charged for the next month). I wasn't told that I had to give 30 days notice (aka pay for an extra month). Though they're technically right (it IS in the contract), I feel that their staff mislead me.If you live in Shadyside (or nearby)... GO TO URBAN ACTIVE INSTEAD. It's cheaper and the facilities are unbelievably better than XShadyside... although I apparently have a membership at XShadyside for another month now, I am 100% done with that place.
Crime is a problem!  I had my phone and keys stolen from me while I was in the pool at Dowd.  My babysitter had her car broken into in the Dowd parking lot as well. Both of these events took place within the last 2 months.  It is not worth working out at a place where you and your property are unsafe.
Wait 20 mins to get a parking spot then wait 15 for a machine no thanks. Just cancelled and move to Fitness Connection for $10 bucks a month. For that price I can go to a swanky yoga studio on the weekends and still be cheaper than the Y. This place is seriously over sold. Stop selling more memberships when you don't have enough space or equipment to accommodate current members. Serious over crowding issue.
Wait 20 mins for an elliptical. The weights are limited and they don't have a lot of machines. Oversold memberships. I just closed my over priced membership and joined fitness connection where everything is new and only 10 bucks a month. The Y is overrated.
I ate here with my husband as a convenient stop before we went shopping.  It's cafeteria food, people.  I didn't go in there thinking I was going to get a five star meal for $3.99.  I got the veggie pasta w alfredo sauce and my husband got the spaghetti and meatballs.  I couldn't even make it through half of the store before I felt super duper sick.  No more cafeteria food for this girlie.  Stick with the hot dogs and ice cream that you can get after check out....
disgusting, VERY very bland no flavor at all. Food is usually overcooked and cold from sitting out for so long.
Swedish Meat-flaws....I have tried this place a few times and it just upsets me every time. I love Sweden, lots of good things come from Sweden, Ikea rocks my world, Absolut is one of my favourite vodkas, Zlatan Ibrahimovic is a god, Massages and Saunas are also awesome, Tiger of Sweden make great clothes - and let us not forget the Swedish House Mafia!Peter's Yard is not on my list of good things to come from SwedenI heard they did great hot chocolate, I went in for one, I thought it was a bit m'eh. I trytheir cinnamon buns, again average, my housemate bakes better, and their sandwiches just seem to be trying too hard.Most of the stuff on the shelves is pointless, I wouldn't want to buy any of it - apart from the kiddies coffee cups, they are cool.I know this sounds harsh, but I get excited about places like this and it hurts when they don't come through with the goods.. I once ran across the meadows from my  flat to buy a couple coffees to go and some coffee beans, they told me to go next door - OK I get it, you have a takeaway place next door how about you go next door and get them for me As Jenny says, its overpriced also, and I don't care much for Artisan Flat Bread, thanks but no thanks
Was not welcoming...Fifteen min for a coffee...Not a great value...
Yes really one star...there food is generous portions (albeit very salty), cheap and pretty tasty. However operationally they are an EPIC fail. The three of us waited 5 minutes for drinks, 20 minutes for the first entree, additional 10 minutes for second entree and even an additional 10 minutes for the third entree. Orders were wrong, some of the food was cold (e.g. peas, etc.), never got offered refills, ordering is slow confusing arduous process, fishing for entrees (server doesn't know who has what), all empty tables were filthy (we started to clean the one we were sitting at), etc.  I could be forgiving given that the this is a strip mall bistro but not with everything going wrong (especially the wait times). They could really use Gordon Ramsey to fix the operational problems. Other than being tasty the food was good including the Swedish meatballs, pork schnitzel and hash entrees (the hash was especially salty and even on the spicy side). The sides ranged from mediocre (e.g. cold peas) to pretty decent (e.g. pan fried potatoes, mashed potatoes, slaw, etc.). The plates are large and full and certainly could be shared between two people and the price is pretty reasonable.  However it is just tough to get around dirty tables and the wait. So unless I am itching for Swedish food I'll pass on Beaver Choice.
Food is excellent-- 4 stars.  Service was terrible--0 stars.  Timing between all of us getting out main dishes was 15-20 (i.e. none of our main dishes came at the same time).  BTW, the name of this place is not great and from a marketing perspective, does not make sense.
WORST POSSIBLE SERVICE I HAVE EVER, I MEAN EVER, HAD!!!! This restaurant that was recommended to me by a friend who told me they serve poutine. I was super excited to try this place and being that I'm originally from Canada, I was looking forward to a little taste of home. I live in North Phoenix and drove 45mins to have "Poutine"Saturday Night August 25th - 4 adults, 2 kids - we walked in the door and the place is a mess. There was no where for us to sit. We stood around for about 10 minutes before anyone even acknowledged us. Finally they come to the front to clean up and start arranging tables to accomodate our party.  When we finally get to look at menus we realize that there are more then 1 size of poutine available. I head up to the counter to inquire about the poutines and the sizes... And that's when I am very rudely informed that if all we are going to have is poutine then we need to take it to go. They will not allow us to eat in the restaurant as it is Saturday night and one of their busiest nights and we cannot take up the much needed space. *** This is where I will mention that there was only 1 other table being used at the time*** I explain that we all want to have poutine and that we drove 45mins from Phoenix to come and try this restaurant... The person behind the counter didn't care. We were not to be served.Needless to say, we walked out, WITHOUT the poutine that  we were so looking forward to... I would NEVER recommend this restaurant! I have never heard of anyone turning away business because it was their busiest night, regardless of how much or how little we were going to order. Even if all we ordered was 4 large poutines that alone is $30, add in drinks.... Throughly disgusted with the lack of customer service.
My Mother and Daughter and I went to Beaver Choice for lunch.  We arrived at 2 o'clock.  They made no mention of the fact they were closing at 2:30.  We ordered, waited (a lengthy wait) for our food and began to eat.  About 8 minutes later a young man comes to the table and offers us boxes, telling us we MUST leave since they are going to have a meeting! WHAT We just spent 25 dollars and we are being kicked out  We tried to scarf some food quickly (my Mother is elderly and cant really eat in the car) as they were pulling the food and napkins and drinks off of our table.  This had to be the rudest experience EVER in my 42 years.  The food was NOT great and they charge extra for ANYTHING, like 50 cents to add mayo, without letting me know they were adding an extra charge for mayo.  WE WILL NEVER GO BACK!
I feel bad for the poor bartender who had to serve everyone and cook the food! The chef couldn't make it to work... Where was the manager to deal with the customers who were forced to wait over an hour for food In the back, letter her continue to seat people as one table after another sat forever and then left...  Pathetic!!!!
UGH!, I don't even know where to start. But I came for lunch around 11:45a and why there was a nice welcome... well that was the en of it!. We sat down pretty quickly but it wasn't until around 12:10-12:15 when we finally got our drinks and finally placed our orders, in the end after having 3 waiters and having to stand up countless of time to ask about our food (chicken wings, Sandwich and a turkey wrap ), we finally received out food. Which included COLD! fries and under-cooked chicken wings. Needless to say I was completely disappointed with the experience, but I will DEFINITIVELY NOT return to this place.
This was by far the worst experience I have had while dining in Charlotte. We went to brunch around noon and were seated in a back room. After 10 minutes we still hadn't had a server greet us so we politely told the bartender who responded with "we're really busy"...he proceeded to come in and take our drink order. As we went around the table ordering drinks each of us said "I'll have a ... And a water please" by the 3rd person he interrupted her order and rudely said "I get it everyone's having water too, next". I was in complete shock that he would speak to us like that. It only got worse from there. Our waitress finally showed up and we never really saw her again. The food was okay (burger was awful) but the service was so bad that we will never be back.
I saw Beaver Choice profiled a long time ago on Eden Eats and always wanted to try it.  I was driving to work one day and drove right past the new place, and was so excited.  It is literally 3 minutes from my house and about 5 minutes from where I work.  Heck, I even emailed the owner to ask when it would be open.  And got a very nice email back too.  So last Saturday, me, my daughter and my friend went in and got seated right away.  The waiter was pretty good too.  Good startWe got the fries with cheese and gravy to start.  It was ok, but most importantly, fresh, and hot.  Then our dinner came, and it was a different story.  I got the stuffed chicken, mashed potatoes, salad and cole slaw.  My daughter got a hamburger, medium, and salad.  And my friend got meatballs, mashed potatoes and cole slaw.  The mashed potatoes were cold.  My daughter's hamburger was well done, and the bun was ice cold.  The dressing on the salad was tasteless as well.  Not horrible, but definitely room for improvement.So we have cold food and an incorrectly cooked meat.  But you know what the clencher was  We called the owner over and told her the food was cold.  She didn't say a word, and walked away, never to return.  Didn't offer to reheat the food, maybe throw in a dessert, nothing.  But she was sure greeting people with hugs when they walked in the door, prior customers I think.   You'd think she'd work a little harder to keep new customers.  After all, wasn't that why she moved, to expand her businessGuess what  I live close, and also work at a very close and large office building.  We go out to lunch a lot.  You better believe I won't be back, and won't bring any of my friends and coworkers in either.   There's never an excuse for poor customer service, especially by the "OWNER" of the restaurant.  A waiter, usually nothing to lose.  The owner has everything to lose.  I hope she reads this.
I ate at their Tempe location before they moved and had a good experience.  I was excited when they finally opened at their new location.  A friend and I went a few days after they opened and were looking forward to a nice meal.  We were prepared to be very patient because we knew that they were just opened and the staff were still learning.  It was a hot day outside and it felt stuffy inside, so we casually mentioned to our server that it felt warm inside the restaurant and maybe they could check the temperature.  Well, that is when the whole experience went downhill.  A minute later we heard the female owner speaking very loudly near the servers station that it was 76 degrees...it is 76 degrees, she kept loudly repeating that it was 76 degrees.  She then came over to our table and very rudely told us that the thermostat said 76 degrees, so why did we say it was warm  We just simply said that it felt warm to us and she then proceeded to tell us that we should get up and go look at the thermostat.  It was an extremely off putting experience.  Her tone and demeanor was very unfriendly and we felt like we had been scolded by our grandmother.  In my opinion, the food here is a little pricey, but has tasted pretty good when we have eaten there before.  However, my friend and I both felt afterwards that it is not a place that we would ever go again because of the attitude and tone in which we were spoken to. It is a shame, but you can't treat people that way and expect them to come back.  I hope they read this review so they can learn from our experience and prevent further damage to their business reputation.
HORRIBLE......price, service, food, experience.  WILL NEVER RETURN.  The doors were unlocked and there were people in there eating.  Then the owner came out of the back and said we are closed until 5 pm.  It was 4:30.  I guess proof that the service is horrible and slow was that lunch ends at 2 and they are closed from 2-5 but the couple at the table was still there eating.  Anyways they did let us come in and they offered us a glass of water...that took 15 minutes to get to the table.  When a server finally arrived through the front door all sweaty, he came to bring us menus.  Now it is 5:15. He brought us water and then started to take it away because we already had some, we asked him if we could keep it and it was a good thing we did as he never came back to refill glasses.  He never asked if we wanted anything else to drink and we were going to order a new kind of beer.  We ordered.  It was. 40 minutes before the first plate came and we had no silverware....when we asked the server said, no I gave you flatware already, really do you see any here another 10 minutes before the second plate came out and it was cold and was sent back.  There was a bone chip in the sausage.  At each table you could here the servers saying they were out of pierogies and then they were out of baklava, then they were out of......the owner lady started chatting at tables and told everyone she was out of pierogies because she only makes them on Tuesday her prep day..it was Friday.   So all the food must be leftover if she only preps on Tuesday.  VERY DISAPPOINTED, WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.  my one star rating is one star too much, but the lowest score you can give..
we have been wanting to eat here for quite a while and today we finally made it. We should have kept waiting. My wife had the schnitzel and I had the lox. Hers was just a slab of breaded chicken with what taste like canned mushroom soup. My lox, well I had 1 bite and that was all it took. It tasted like it was made 2 weeks ago and left in the fridge. Now taste is subjective and I realize that. What made sure I will NEVER go back to try something else is when we told the server I didn't care for the fish she  (eventually) took the plate away and charged for it anyway! If you're looking for something a little different I would strongly suggest you pass on this place.
Been wanting to try this place for a long time and finally got to check it out during Restaurant Week. Could not be more disappointed from the build up to the place to the actual food & prices, and the fact that the waitress seemed to take pride in telling us we could not have what we were asking for. We ordered off the restaurant week menu and I wish we had just tried the regular menu because it would have been much cheaper and we could have had a little more control over what we got. For example, each dish comes with a starch & 3 salads. For restaurant week, you could not choose the sides so I ended up with tomatoes with basil & a side of pickles. Pickles. 2 sides, not 3- one of which was pickles. But I'm getting ahead of myself. For appetizers, we got a lobster roll & poutine, which is French fries topped with cheese curds and gravy. The fries were freaking epic. The lobster roll was a hot dog bun filled with dill and a few fishy little langostinos. Entrees: schnitzel, a large, uneventful cutlet of sorts with various pickled veggies and copious amounts of dill, and some crazy potatoes that looked good but tasted like the inside of a pool supply store. I got something described as sliced meat over potatoes. Apparently this is Scandinavian for hockey puck on hospital cafeteria potatoes. Keep salting, you will not find the flavor. It is not there. Perhaps that's why they threw a pile of pickles next to it. I'll never know. I'll also never know where the bread is. I asked for some. Saw a lady with a slice. But the waitress, remember the one I mentioned earlier, who seems to take pride in not being the least bit accommodating, let us know that bread was only for people who ordered soup. Oh and the $8 kids meal! Can't forget the 12 cup of noodles covered in some kind of sauce that no child would ever touch. Supposed to come with a starch and a side but guess what- that doesn't apply to the pasta dish- so no French fries for the 6 year old but here- have some god damned pickled beets rolled in more dill. Every kids dream.  And now ladies and gents,  get out your bowl molds and jello no bake cheesecake, cause its time for some premade generic, gummy cool whip based concoction topped with jello. Jello.  We got cheesecake and something called lemon fluff. They were identical. Bowl mold shaped blobs of that foamy jello mixed with cool whip that you find at hillbilly bbqs. The only difference was that one tasted a bit more lemony & the other was topped with actual jello.Honestly, the more I reflect on our meal, the more angry I become. I don't know why anybody likes this place and I wanna punch the waitress in her neck tattoo. You wanna eat what i ate Save the $100 and go to the cafeteria of your local nursing home.
After reading the reviews and seeing the 4 star rating I was excited to try Beavers Choice. I went with a party of 9 people. We were all first time customers. Here's my Cons: The meal is all sides and a very small portion of meat. Approximately $15-$18 per plate, before tip. Pros: The pickled beets taste like my Oma's.
Food was ok but came out staggered.  Waitress was horrible.  Had to ask several times for refills .  they were out of root beer, sausage, asparagus. bartender was off duty. over all very disappointed.  Will never return--or refer anyone to come here.
Really dissapointed.  I was very excited to come here and was ignored for twenty minutes before I walked out.  We even had a conversation about how I was waiting for a menu and some serves before the owner promptly forgot a out me and went to serve someone else.
This place has THE WORST customer relations I've experienced in Pittsburgh since I moved here two months ago. My boyfriend was about to order a gyro, I was waiting for him at the table outside near the street with a drink and hotdog I had gotten elsewhere, there was absolutely no one else in their establishment. The person behind the counter then told my boyfriend that I was not welcome to sit at their outdoor seating area with him while he enjoyed his gyro. He canceled his order and we sat at the friendly place next door. Not only did Knossos lose my boyfriend's business that day, but they also lost both of us as future customers. What a petty and pathetic place.
Very disappointed. Delivery was late, our gyros were cold and fries were soggy. I wont be ordering from here again.
Awful poor excuse for a gyro. Food is always soggy. Meat is pure horsec*ck. Very unfriendly staff, but what do you expect from Greek fggots. Will never order from here again, total trash.
I have been here several times in the last year. The food is average...kind of fast-food-like. It sits in the warmer cases, and looks "crusty". The gyros are average, not as good as the ones at the South Side gyro restaurant, by any means.  The salads are from a bag of pre-chopped lettuce, and not "fresh" or interesting. But in order to enjoy the average food, you have to get past the really rude food wait staff.  The bartenders seem to be OK, the clientele in the bar seem to be regulars, and it is a "cheap drink" attraction to some downtown locals. The staff that serves the food, and takes the orders are out of this world rude. There is one that wins the prize for insulting the customers, and after having endured her, I will never, ever return. Owners should know how they are being represented at the front register. The man that cooks and plates the food is oblivious, or just is used to hearing her speak to people with such a lack of respect, that he is just deaf to it. Go somewhere else. It is cheap food, and you get what you pay for. I would pay twice as much, to feel like the staff gave a crap that I was there supporting their jobs.
Decent service...horrible food. I can't for the life of me understand how this company is so successful. It could only be worse if it was yet another failed Greek attempt at Italian.
Terrible! I'm just now getting over this horrible stomach bug caused by his place. I ended up paying $10.92 for a salad, water, and a small tiramisu. Needless to say, that price is ridiculous! You should never have to pay that much at lunch time for that little amount of food. Speaking of the food, in the salad, there was an egg and so I out it on a napkin because I don't like eggs. The waitress came by and asked how it was and I told her that I didn't like the egg. Instead of taking it or saying "hey sorry about that" or something to the effect, she just walked off. The tiramisu was awful, it tasted like someone tried to make banana pudding and failed. If you like tiramisu like I do, go to Olive Garden or SAMs club around Christmas. You will not be disappointed like you will here. Needless to say, I'm never going back.
Take it from me; avoid this place at all cost.  The only time I go is when I am starved and don't have the energy to cook or get edible food.  And then after I have been kicking myself.
All I can say is the worst! We were the only 2 people in the place for lunch, the place was freezing and loaded with kids toys! 2 bicycles, a scooter, and an electronic keyboard graced the dining room. A fish tank with filthy, slimy fingerprints smeared all over it is there for your enjoyment.Our food came... no water to drink, no tea, medium temperature food. Of course its cold, just like the room, I never took my jacket off! The plates are too small, you food spills over onto some semi-clean tables as you sit in your completely worn out booth seat. The fried noodles were out of a box and nasty, the shrimp was mushy, the fried rice was bright yellow.We asked for water, they brought us 1 in a SOLO cup for 2 people. I asked for hot tea, they said 10 minutes. What Chinese restaurant does not have hot tea available upon requestOver all.... my first and last visit to this place. The only good point was that it was cheap, and deservingly so.
The worse "Chinese food", even the white rice which came with the ogle sweet and sour chicken is really bad.  Please don't eat this food.
I hate this place.It's very loud, the service is very poor, and the food is so-so.If you want good Chinese in Pittsburgh, try China Palace (Shadyside) or Sesame Inn (Station Square or North Hills).  They're quieter, with very good food & service.
Honestly, I'm furious. I enjoyed PF Chang's restaurants in the Chicago area, and my wife and I have eaten a few times at this Pittsburgh-area location. Over the last year, we have tried repeatedly, but the 90-120 minute wait for dinner is unacceptable. We tried going early, late -- it never made any difference. The front staff was rude, and the wait was too long.Tonight, we had a special date planned, and made reservations a week in advance. We came in the door exactly on time, waited in the line to see the front staff, and we were promptly handed a pager. They couldn't tell us when we would be seated.I imagined a short wait, so we went outside, crossed into a store to wait (since the entrance of this location is so packed, it's impossible to wait at the bar or in the meager seating).After 20 minutes we gave up. We went back to PF Chang's and the front office staff still couldn't tell us when we would be seated. I saw open tables.What on earth is the point of accepting reservations if you do not honor themThe food here is good, but certainly not great. We went to a local Thai place and were seated with no problem in 5 minutes. The food was much better, the service was good even in a crowded busy restaurant. Oh, and the local place was a much more reasonable price.We certainly will never visit PF Chang's again.
This was my first time at this PF Chang's and I was not impressed. The service was extremely slow even though it was a Sunday night and the restaurant was not very busy. The portions were small. They were also playing 5 year old pop music really loud. Pop music! Come on--this is an "Asian Bistro."
Rude unwelcoming short haired black hostess. Drinks were not good. Greasy spring  rolls Below par on every way.  No experience needed to work here
Walked in tonight, Wednesday, at 9:50, the place was empty. Asked for a table, the hostess told us one moment when she finds one for us, then proceeded to walk to a dirty table and clean it!  The phone rang and she answered it as we stood at the door. When she hung up the phone she walked back to the table and proceeded to clean it again!!  Didn't say a word to us. Unbelievable!  Will not be back there-- rude hostess!
We went last night Saturday night to P.F.Chang located at the Kierlands in Scottsdale. Terrible Experience!!! after waiting over one hour to be seated, we ordered calamari for appetizer which came with a horrible strange salty sauce and salt and pepper mix on the side. then I ordered beef and broccoli and my husband ordered a vegetarian dish with peanut sauce . After a long wait my food came so salty that I could not even eat and as much as I hate to complain but I had to let the waiter know, so he went to get me one with less salt. My husband's dish was OK. then the second one was a bit less salty but the meat had a terrible liver kind of taste which totally turned my stomach. I feel the reason they added so much salt was to hide the bad tasting rotted meat. Very bad experience. Our waiter was kind and sympathetic. ruined my evening out :(
Let me start off by saying I have mostly simple tastes, and my favorite lunch spot for Chinese has been the New Dumpling House in Squirrel Hill. But since that restaurant is undergoing renovations, I was forced to try something new.So... I thought I'd try the chain PF Chang's Chinese Restaurant at the Waterfront. Wow, what an unsatisfying mistake that turned out to be.I started with a cup of their Wonton soup. At $2.95 it wasn't too outrageous of a price, the broth had some flavor and there was much more in it than I was used to, including three giant basil (I think) leafs that covered everything beneath. In the broth were chunks of chicken, two shrimp, some sliced water chestnuts and two "pork"-filled wontons. As I said, the broth had decent flavor, but the wontons were thick, doughy and under-cooked, and the chicken chunks were dry, which is amazing since they were drowned in broth! On a scale of bad to good, it was kind of meh.Next came my "lunch-portion" order of Chang's Kung Pao Chicken (the dinner portion is $5 more). At the New Dumpling House, this dish is served with a delectable dark, rich, tangy sauce, which I was really hoping for... Not at PF Chang's. On my plate I received about 8 quarter-size chunks of lightly breaded and browned chicken, 7 hot Chinese red chili peppers (mostly inedible unless they are diced into a sauce), a handful of blanched, unsalted peanuts, a few sliced scallions, and a bed of the most bland brown rice I have ever encountered. Uncle Ben would've been ashamed if that stuff came out of one of his boxes.Glaringly, there was NO SAUCE!. None at all.I've had Kung Pao Chicken in New York City, San Francisco, and even from a hole in the wall in Bethel Park, PA that was much, much better. Never have I had it served in such a bland, skimpy, and overpriced way! The "lunch-portion" cost was $9.95.At The New Dumpling House, I could have a delicious lunch, with soup, entree and complimentary hot tea, and I could leave satisfied with just $8 out-of-pocket -- and that includes the tip.The service was decent. However, lesson learned. One and done. Never going back to PF Changs.
Delivery is slow and not even close to the best Chinese in the area.  No matter if it's rice or noodles or chicken or pork, everything tastes off--like it's been overcooked in mop-bucket-water.  Try House of Lee instead.
Wow. What a shame. My family just moved to the area and have been sampling the local cuisine. We are a very large family and love foods of all kind. We've eaten Chinese food from a hundred different places in a dozen different cities. Hands down, this was the worst we've ever had. Cold, tough, congealed, and tasteless - that's the only way to describe it. I'll never order from here again. Quite frankly, the fact that I took time away from my kids to type this out should tell you how awful it was. My complaints fell on deaf ears. I guess they were shocked that someone thought that they were serving low grade dog food. I understand that sometimes restaurants crank out bad food. It happens. But when it does, you bend over backwards to make it right. Not at this place. I was told that he would have to speak with the owner in order to help me. I guess that's how they deflect complaints - blame it on the owners that aren't there and make the customer for away angry.  Too bad. Because we will be visiting a competitor in the future. This family of 7 won't be visiting China Sea ever again. Oh, and by the way, why can't I give this place zero stars
The pros:You get a TON of food for your money. If the food was actually decent, this would have been even better because... LEFTOVERS. They have coupons on their website that you can use whenever. The cons:The woman who answers the phone is kinda rude. You try to ask her questions and she gets an attitude with you like you're wasting her time. My pork dumplings were "fried" only on one side and were raw in the middle. Everything was pretty darn salty. Yeah, I get it. Chinese food tends to be a little salty, but this was unacceptably salty. Leftovers... Yes this is also a con because I threw it away. Suffering through it once was enough! If you're craving something made fresh that is spicy and sweet, you're not going to find it here. Just very greasy, very salty, poor excuse for Chinese takeout.
Tasteless food that arrived over an hour after it was ordered and was cold.  Will never order from here again.
Never received my order and was left in a bad mood. The driver did not carry GPS for delivery, did not know my address which is right in squirrel hill, did not listen to me (or did not understand me) when I tried to give him directions, asked me to pick up food from an intersection 0.3 miles away from my apartment in snow, and finally yelled at me to cancel my order. Cannot comment about food, but whatever experience I had left a bad taste.
I really feel bad about giving a one-star review.  First, it's not about the service, price, decor, or the food.  I'm writing this review after going there twice.  The first time my husband and I went, the dinner was good.  We thought this place has the potential to be our go-to Chinese restaurant in Pgh.  Today I remembered that they have an early-bird special 3-6pm (m-sat).  The won ton soup was not authentic (more like chicken noodle soup) but wasn't bad.  The entree was fine.  What really knocked the score down to 1 is the awful tobaccocigarette smell from the tea!!  !!   I had to go to the grocery store and buy a pack of gum.  The smell wouldn't leave me so I came home to rinse my mouth with Listerine (2-3 minutes) then brush (as long as I could) to get rid of the smell.  Did they use the tea pot as an ash tray  [first visit: 3 stars] + [second visit: -5 stars] = [ -2 stars]
Closed.  Signage down.  Boarded up tight.  Phone disconnected.
Horrible - they use chicken that's been out uncover all day . And they smoke around the food.:(
I've been practicing bikram yoga for about eight years and have had the opportunity to attend classes all over the US and abroad. It's always fun to try a new studio and experience new teachers. Unfortunately, Bikram's Yoga College of India in Central Phoenix was one of the worst classes and studios I've ever experienced. The smell of the studio was so absolutely disgusting (dirty, wet dog combined with urine) that I nearly lost it when I walked in. I opted to stay because I really wanted to get a class in. On top of the awful stench, the teacher sucked. She had us hold poses longer  the second time through and shorter the first time. Many of the students had really poor technique (I know, you shouldn't worry about others...it's your own practice), however, I thought it was an indication about the poor quality of instruction.It's unfortunate the hygiene wasn't up to par. It's bad for bikram and damn, it's really inconvenient for me. I travel to PHX a lot and I love to grab a class. Well, I'm going to try out one of the other studios in town. Thank goodness they've got some competition!
The carpet is completely unsanitary and a breeding ground for MRSA. The instructor only verbally ran the class, never demonstrated one pose OR even made rounds to correct those doing them wrong. Lots of people that hadn't done yoga before because of the groupon and it's unfortunate they have been thought incorrectly. This instruction method is going to cause people injuries. FYI never do a jerking twisting motion with your upper body to try and square your hips!!! The instructor even told me and another girl NOT to drink water at the moment we did! So not OK, always listen to your bodies needs.
All I can say is thank GOODNESS I paid $15 for this Groupon!  This place does not even deserve a one star! I recently moved to the Phoenix area from California and have been searching for a good yoga studio. I LOVE Groupon and was happy to see several studios I can try out before I purchase a membership.  I have been practicing yoga for several years and have never been so offended during my yoga practice. While I understand that there is a particular flow for HathaBikram yoga (which I prefer Vinyasa Flow), I always try to push myself a little farther with what I have learned in my previous practices at different studios. In the middle of class, I attempted a slightly different pose from what was being taught (without interrupting my fellow yogi's) and the teacher called me out in the middle of class saying "Can you please do the same pose as the rest of the class" (in a derogatory tone) I was absolutely offended by his gesture so I rolled up my mat and walked right out of the class. I sincerely apologize to the other yogi's there for walking out in the middle of class and interrupting their practice but he could have been a bit more tactful with his approach. Perhaps pulling me aside after class and letting me know this was not okay with him would have been more appropriate. So rude! Perhaps it was rude of me to assume I can try and progress my yoga style during his class but I always had encouragment from my previous teachers for pushing myself to evolve in my practice.In addition, because of the Groupon, the class was extremely packed and there was no room to move or do the poses correctly.  Also, the studio has carpet (which is different than what I am used to) and it is really disgusting! Sweaty, dirty, nasty and probably filled with bacteria. eew! I was already planning on looking for another studio and this incident made me look sooner!I will never visit this place again and will never recommend this place to anyone. Take my advice and keep looking for another studio!
Im very sorry that I spent money on a groupon before attending a class but alas, you live and learn. The staff is very rude especially if you had purchased the groupon (THE NERVE!) because apparently, you need to know ALL THE BIKRAM. Not a good place for beginners or anyone with a sense of smell for that matter. The carpet really is a health hazard and I left feeling sick from the stench. The instructor didnt bother to take one second to explain things carefully or slowly, just reciting the poses SO FAST it was hard to keep up. How can one relax and focus when they dont know what to do HORRIBLE. I wouldn't ever recommend this to anyone. Sick.
Oh geeze I loathe this place. It smells like a sweaty swamp full of mold, yeast, day old balls and other unidentified bodily odors. The fluorescent lights blare while the instructors yawn and fan themselves with the list of asanas they repeat session after session ad nauseum. Did I mention it's also 100 degrees and 95 percent humidity in there You will also huddle together as there is always a groupon bringing in the hordes. Don't worry, you will be able to see every inch of everyone's nearly naked body for only a few minutes as the mirrors quickly fog up with your collective sweat.
Do not go here! This place simply nasty. I have been to any hot yoga classes and this studio is by far the worst. They have mold and such a stench that lingers through the entire place. Honestly, made me sick. It is so unkempt and dirty!I would never suggest this place to anyone.
Smelly, moldy and just plain gross! It is difficult to say you're doing something healthy when you're staring at the ceiling and all the mold is staring right back at you... The yoga itself is great however it is hard to get over the unbearable smell of sweat that slaps you in the face the moment you walk in.. I'm sure there are better places to try in town!
I've taken hot yoga from many studios in Phoenix, and this is by far the WORSE.I'm pretty sure the instructor Dawn has A.D.D. She couldn't seem to focus on the class. The class was in shambles. Everyone of doing different positions, it was ridiculously unorganized. Dawn would start counting down a pose, then forget about the class and start doing her own moves in the mirror, then remember about us and start counting down again at a totally different number.She'd put us in a pose, then start random chatting with people, and totally forget about us. It was a total waste of time. Speaking of time....the class is scheduled for 1hr25min. I think the class is soo long to schedule in Dawn's day dreaming. The class started almost 10 minutes late, and went WAY OVER 1hr25mins. I was ready to scream! Thank god I only went there on a $20 coupon. I'm never going back.
My friend and i drove 25 miles to get to a yoga class at 2:00pm, we get there 5 minutes late and they did not let us in.  We did all we could to get there on time and the lady at the front desk asked us to leave and to arrive on time next time.  I asked her since we drove such a long way to come to this place can we get in  She still said no.  I felt so hurt at all the effort we put in.  She was looking at us funny because I am Mexican and my friend is Black.  We have both practiced yoga for a while now.Since then, I will not got back due to poor customer response.  I will not recommend this place to any of my friends.
OK, for starters... I'm all about handstands and arm balances. Also, I believe that yoga is about listening to your body and doing the pose that is right for you.  Therefore, if your in a pose and you think you should go deeper than do it!  When I go to a power class and I'm told not to modify and the teacher is overweight, I get scarred that it's going to be a bad class.  Also, power yoga should be taught by type A people. You can be mellow and spiritual, then teach a restorative class. Enough ranting!Yoga Pura has a nice vibe, but for starts it smells like an old gym, where are the air fresheners and sage folks Wow!!  The people there are really nice, but the Manger that teaches power should only be allowed to teach level 1 Flow and Restorative classes. She is a very sincere woman and a had a great spirit, but she should not teach power!  Her class was so bad that I barley broke into a sweat. We spent 40 mins in ansana for an 85 min class!!!! That is nuts for a power class. I understand the owner Eric is awesome, but he needs to look who is teaching his more advanced classes. Yoga has changed and people are more advanced. This studio is behind the times.If you want a great yoga studio in Phoenix, then your best option is AtoneYoga! Enough said.
I went into inner vision and the man at the desk was soooo rude I was shocked. He was kind if an older fellow with salt and pepper hair, I think he is one of the owners but wouldn't swear to it. Anyway, I've always thought of the place as this calm zen kinda place but this guy sent such a negative "get the hell out of here" vibe I'll never be back. There are so many yoga places springing up customer service with a smile is very important. I personally will take my practice to Sumits.
meh... it was ok hot yoga.  hard to find.
This place would be great if it was actually hot and humid like it should be. I bought a groupon that ended up going to waste. First class, instructor was really nice but I barely broke a sweat. I thought I would give it another shot but the 2nd time I walked out completely dry. This place should just be called warm Bikram yoga. I think they need some humidifiers or something because their heaters just weren't cutting it.
Worst Studio in Vegas for sure.  I have been doing yoga in this town for several years now & this is the one that continues to find a way to irk me almost everytime.  It's not the instructors, they are amazing.  However, the management in these studios seems more intent on greedily making money than actually providing a quality yoga experience for their communities.  I wrote this studio off awhile ago, but then last year decided to give them a second chance & join a friend for a "community" class which was supposed to be $10.  When I went to pay with a credit card, they informed me I would have to pay $17 if I was not going to pay with cash.  So you want to penalize me for not paying in cash  Um, a bit ridiculous don't you think  After driving all the way to the other side of town, I paid it & enjoyed my class.  But I thought I'd never return.  Then this year, Groupon had an 8 class pckg available for a significant reduction in price.  One of my favorite instructors teaches there right now & so I decided to give the "Sanctuary" a third try.  I was not informed that I only had 30 days from redeeming the groupon with the first class to use all 8 classes, I was under the impression I had until the Groupon expiration date.  So when I showed up for my third class I was told my Groupon had already expired.  They were completely unwilling to work with me.  So I left, drove down the street to Bodyheat Yoga & Pilates (an amazing studio btw) & paid even more than $17 for one of their classes.  For a studio like Yoga Sanctuary to charge what they do when they do not provide adequate space for changing, showering, etc... is ridiculous.  Also, if you work at night, you don't have much choice of day classes, they have a limited number available, & nothing in the afternoons on any day except Saturday.  Most importantly, the spirit of yoga is one of giving, one of a generous spirit.  I do not begrudge a studio trying to make a profit & run a business.  But if that's all you're concerned about, you will not profit for long.  And I, for one, will never go back after all this.  Strike 3, you out!
I went here because I was really sick and it was a Saturday so my options were limited.  A lot of my friends go here because they can't afford anything else. Sometimes they're able to get what they need, but they've all mentioned the lack of professionalism of this clinic. One friend went there and Dr. Arneson misdiagnosed her with an ear infection without even examining her, and presribed her an antibiotic she didn't need that ended up making her sick.The "doctor" I saw that day had no idea what she was doing. What I really wanted was a strep throat test. It took her several minutes to even track one down, and it seemed like she had no idea how to administer it. She didn't bother to ask me what I was taking for my sickness - I had to bring it up.  She started going off on her crackpot anti-vaccine beliefs while there was a needle in my arm.  The drip she gave me didn't help at all - I was sick as a dog for another week. On top of that, she charged me more than $120 freaking dollars for my visit, when my friends say they usually get charged $10 or $20.  I could have gone to an urgent care clinic for half that and seen a real doctor, one who actually accepts scientific facts.This place is a joke.  There's no way I'm going back there.
The first I had heard of True Harmony was by purchasing a massage voucher through Livingsocial.com.  It's near my home plus the offer was a good deal so I thought I would give it a try.  The receptionist was challenged in booking the appointment.  Oddly enough, they asked for my marital status during the booking process.  I cannot understand the relevance and the question just made the experience feel weird.  When I showed at my appointment time, I was told they had incorrectly booked me and it was for the following day.  I had moved my day around to be there and they had just expected me to come back the next day despite their error.  I was not offered an apology or even the slightest concern for my inconvenience.  I cancelled my purchase and I wont be returning.  I cannot afford to set aside time and not have that respected.
I first started going to True Harmony when I became pregnant with my son. I really liked the environment and the PA. I liked everything except Dr. Brass-Jones. She was very dismissive to absolutely everything I said and did. This was my first pregnancy and every time I came to her that I thought something was wrong or had questions she acted like I was wasting her time and that it was all in my head. I ended up with hyperemesis gravidarum and was so sick I lost over 40lbs. It wasn't until after I spent time in the ER and was down at least 35lbs that she finally helped me get in home nurse care because I couldn't even leave the house. Another major problem I had was that they never seemed to relate what was really going to be taking place. This happened before and after I had my son. I would be told that something would be taking place, I would move everything around make sure I had someone with me or whatever else I needed just to show up and they just wanted to have a conversation about what was going to be happening. During this time I also lived in the West Valley and had to drive an hour to the appointment. They called me 15 mins before to tell me the doctor wasn't going to be in. I was already in the parking lot, but they wanted me to come back the next day. Again I was very sick and my husband had to take off work to drive me. At the end, before I gave birth every time she would check me she would make comments well if you are 5 centimeters we are just going to go over to the hospital. Everything was about her convenience. I didn't even feel comfortable calling her on the "birth line" they give you so that you can contact her once you go into labor.  I wrote out a birth plan and she didn't even read it. She had no desire to even go over it with me and I really wasn't asking for much. Example: I stated that I did not want any students at my son's birth and she still asked me if one could come in while I was in the middle of labor. I felt pushed into having my water broken, which resulted in me having an emergency C-section, my son didn't have enough time to turn completely. The whole experience was very upsetting and traumatic and I don't think I would have had the same experience with a different doctor.I was hoping that the worst of the experience was behind me after I had my son, so I went back. Horrible mistake. I was having a lot of medical problems after I had him. My weight was erratic along with several other things and again she made me feel like I was making it up and I was done trying to convince my doctor that something wasn't right.Since then I have moved onto a different doctor and surprise surprise I have a thyroid problem and PCOS. Both things another OB was able to pick up on after a single visit.  If you are going for anything other than to deal with Dr. Brass-Jones I say take your chances. She put my life at risk, my son's life at risk, she was rude, and she doesn't care what you want or how you feel as a patient. For the type of environment they are supposed to be  or promise their doctor is a horrible fit.
After having getting pregnant with our second child my wife and I decided to switch from her old doctor to Dr. Brass-Jones from a referral from a friend, and because our previous doctor left the practice we were using.What a mistake.There are helpful people here, Kathy is nice and goes out of her way to help you and the PA is excellent, if she was running the practice there wouldn't be a problem, but the coldness, rudeness and general uncaring nature of Dr. Jones is enough to turn anyone off. She's dismissive, uncaring, unhelpful, and lacking in any semblance of tact. Her answer to any discomfort you may have is "you're pregnant, what do you expect" and the go-to treatment for everything is some kind of oil or extract (which of course they make and sell). As a medical office its a pure joke how incompetent the staff is and Dr. Jones herself. They order needless tests that insurance won't cover because "you signed a form" even when its medically unreasonable and unneeded. They don't bother to learn anything about you other than "what's on the form" and for a period of time didn't even know this was our second pregnancy, not our first, and even though it states and we had mentioned our son multiple times. The front desk staff seems unsure as to what their purpose is, never having an answer for everything and always needing help.Dr. Jones will verbally yell at the staff in front of you, if you're talking to someone she'll interrupt  to get your point across to them without apologizing to you in the slightest. Her elitist attitude and penchant for entitlement comes off pretty clearly in how easy she is to dismiss your concerns and has the bedside manner more attributed to a minimum wage fast food worker than a doctor, especially one dealing with parents and soon-to-be-parents all day. If she has kids, I certainly feel sorry for them.Don't ever try to call them on the phone or leave a message with the hopes you'll get a call back. Don't even think about trying to talk to the doctor over the phone, she can't be bothered with that even when its clear the person on the phone is talking directly to her and relaying your questions. They use a separate, third-party billing company and have no idea what's going on with your bill if you ask a question about it, you're directed to another office to call and that's, that.All in all I firmly believe that a homeless man with a rusty speculum is a far superior choice than True Harmony.
DON"T WASTE YOUR TIME.If I could leave 0 stars, I would.This is my first pregnancy.  I wanted to meet Dr. BJ so I could discuss my birth preferences, and see if we were a good fit.  My first visit I saw the PA, Mary-Anne, who has a kind and gentle demeanor.  However, I was not informed by the office staff that I would not be seeing Dr. BJ.  Mary -Anne really dropped the ball for me when she allowed a STUDENT to preform my pelvic exam and did NOT double check the exam for herself.  How is that training a student And that makes me feel like the care I'm receiving is amateur at best.  The second visit I got to see Dr. BJ and at the time I came in with a serious infectious disease.  She was cold, rude, short and even rolled her eyes at me! UNBELIEVABLE!  Instead of answering my questions she sent in an NP student (a different student then the 1st visit) to answer my questions, while she left the exam room and never came back.  Give me an F-ing break!  I'm not paying $1,000s to take medical advice from someone who hasn't even passed their boards, and besides that IT"S ILLEGAL-- it's practicing without a license.I'm this close to reporting Dr. BJ to the board for the sub-par student care she so tepidly provided me.  If she had taken half a second to get to know me, she would have learned that I'm medically trained, and I know the way she's running her practice is not kosher and DEFINITELY NOT providing the best care for her patients. I feel sorry for people who are going there and are putting up with her lack of knowledge and nasty, apathetic attitude.The office staff is only a reflection of Dr. BJ's persona-- they are poorly trained college kinds (or recent grads) that are unorganized, can't answer any of your questions and if you phone there they can't wait to get off the line with you.I've been to bad Dr.'s many, many times. But Dr. BJ is the first bad Dr who I'd have that actually has the personally to match her level of expertise.  Absolutely appalling. I walked out of that office and KNEW I would not be back. What a joke.
Incompetent office management, never saw doctor: office called at 6am one week before my appointment in order to change my appointment. When I arrived 5 minutes late, they refused to see me and I refuse to return. Health care is bad but this was a new low. Absurd.
I made my appointment for a yearly PAP & seen her for the first time. I waited almost an hour to be seen. I was asked if a student could watch, I was fine with that. I didn't think about it during visit but after I was worried thinking that Dr. did nothing but sit in the room while the student did my ENTIRE exam. Now I feel as if my test was probably not done right. I also had a red bump on my breast that had been there for a few weeks, I showed Dr. Brass. She thought it was ring worm, I knew it wasn't & she gave me a cream & told me to let her know if it didn't go away. While I was there I asked that they also test for STD's just to be safe, as I always do when getting a PAP. Come to find out she never made notes to test for that so it was never done at the lab. I wasn't going to make a big deal about it so I just never said anything. My second visit was due to finding out I had a fibroidpolyp in my uterus from my primary care doctor and was told to follow-up with my gnyo. I called to make the appt & was told her first opening was a month away, the women on the phone thought I shouldn't wait that long so she told me to hold & see if she could do anything. She said she could get me in that day in a few hours. So I took a half day off of work and went to my appt. I was scared & concerned what was going on in my body because I had to Google it. I printed out the info & it told me what questions to ask. After waiting 45 mins past my appt, I was given a sheet and told to remove my pants. I figured this meant she was going to examine me. Dr. Brass comes in & asks me what is going on. I tell her about what I was told and I was here to follow up to figure out my options and what all this meant. She then asks why I have a sheet on & not a gown, I said I am not sure that is just what I was told. She opens the door and starts yelling at the assistant girl of why she would not put me in a gown, tells me that the assistant is going to start over then she will come back in. She could have easily just given me a gown. I put the gown on, she comes back in with a student. She then tells me well we will do surgery. I was stunned & told her I really would like to watch it & just want to know what happens if I watch it & what happens if I do surgery. Once I told her I didn't want to do surgery she became a horrible pissed off person. I had to basically force information out of her. I ask, if I watch it how long would we wait to re-test & do another ultra sound. She says "a year", which I thought was way too long (my old gyno who I returned to told me the same thing, we will re-test in 4-6 months). Then I ask, what happens if I do surgery, are their possible complications like me not being able to have children I am 28 and never had one yet & that is a very important thing to me. She says, "this is so small there would be no complications, it is not huge the things you are reading, are about huge fibroids". I was in shock. I start to tear up because I am frustrated & I am not being comforted or made to feel like I am being informed or supported here. She asks me why I looked confused. I said because you are acting as if you are pissed that I am here. She tells me, "well I am pissed, my front desk didn't tell me you were coming in today". I said, ok well I am here and I need to understand what is going on, I don't feel like you are giving me info to better understand. I want to know what happens if I do surgery. "do you know you are talking in circles, do you" I told her well it is only because I want to understand my options & you're very hostile. "Well if you want to do surgery then we will discuss that in the next visit". Why not tell me now instead of me paying another co-pay just to be told what happens. "You won't remember all this". I said I will. With an attitude explains the surgery. Asks me why I am crying, she thinks I have an emotional issue & hiding info from her because my Dr. test me for STD's. "Did you have a new partner" No been with same guy 8 years "Then why all the testing" Because you never know and I wanted to eliminate them for the reason's I was having female issues & full body rash. She yells at me, I am not telling her things and that I must have some emotional thing going on & I must think he was cheating. I looked at the student, she was staring at the wall. I was pissed at this point, I then talk about the last I was in you gave me cream and told me if the bump on breast didn't go away to let you know. She looks at it from a distance and says, "it looks like a stretch mark". I say it is not a stretch mark it is a bump and it has been there for almost 2 months now. She touches it and says "see a dermatologist then". She then says ok we are done call and schedule if you want to do the surgery. I called the manager next day & got a refund, they apologized &said that was not her normal manner.I am now reading theses reviews on here and seems it is her norm.
Ugh, I almost never go to the doctor, and the only time I needed to go it was my mistake to end up at this place. I called and asked if they are a network provider with my insurance and they said yes. The visit alone was expensive, I'm not even sure if that was with my insurance. On top of that, I received a bill a month later for lab tests! who does that I thought I was done paying at the office and I was not even notified I was going to get billed. Dr. Grobe was ok, although she seemed judgmental of my response when asked about my safe sex practices. The front office staff are very unprofessional, rushing me to complete paperwork when I had gotten there early enough for my appointment. I would have rather gone to planned parenthood or urgent care than this overrated "wellness" spa place. What a waste of time.. When I walk into a Dr Office I expect to see scrubs and white coats and stethoscopes, not sandals, spaghetti strap shirts that look like they are going some place other than their professional jobs.
I usually try to write only positive reviews of places or companies, but lately I've come across one too many bad doctors in this valley and fed up, felt compelled to describe my experience here at PHG.   Unfortunately, it differs greatly then that of most of the other reviews.  It is those other reviews that convinced me to try this place. I guess not everything works for everyone, but I wanted to share my personal experience.Completely unimpressed with this place and Dr. Majidi. From the dingy exterior of the building to the dimly lit interior, the clammy handshake to his lack of attentive listening - this first and only visit was a complete waste of my $40 co-pay. I left in as much pain as I came in with.  Mostly because Dr. Majidi didn't do much of anything.  There was no physical therapy, no massage therapy included in my visit, which was disappointing as I called and asked about these things before I made my appointment.  When I tried to point out areas of pain, he actually wouldn't look where I was pointing and just kept up some weird intense eye contact.  How do you know where I'm hurting if you refuse to look!!   He disregarded my comment about a condition I have that affects my muscles and instead pressed very hard instead of being gentle or respectful.  He didn't seem to have the instinct on how to treat me and in some cases seemed a bit too forceful.  He really only did a cursory evaluation, not a full one and didn't even want to take xrays or have the ability to do so.  I've had much better initial exams with other chiropractors before.My $40 got me a 5 minute "adjustment", some kinesio tape and instructions to keep icing my back. He had offered to do some stim and ice during the visit, but then didn't do it and instead taped me up real quick and said he was done.  I truly felt I had been ripped off.  He seemed proud to state that he treats profesional atheletes.  I'm no athlete, just a normal person in pain needing some true care and treatment.  I've seen chiropractors for over 20 years.  Some real good ones and others that were so-so.   Sad to say, I'd rate Dr. Majidi near the bottom of them all.
My tale of woe. I tried to get some basic office & financial information on a Thursday. Did not get a call back for 24 hours and should have gone with my gut reaction. My feeling with the scheduler was she had no patience for my questions but I scheduled anyway at their Thunderbird Road location. I got two emails confirming my appointment the following Monday at 10AM. Get to the office early to process new patient paperwork and find the office lights are off. Went to the dentists office next door and inquired if they knew of any reason for the doors to be locked. They said they see a few people go in from time to time but that is all they knew. Called the office number twice after 10AM wondering what happened. Did not get a return call until an hour later sort of apologizing for the mistake and saying it was the doctors fault that the office was closed. Apparently the staff neglected to tell him he had a patient is my feeling. Bad way to run any kind of a business in the valley where there is a lot of competition.
I'm writing as a past rep. Som w Designs for health back then. Brought in chipotle. Gave u like $300 in chipotle gift cards. Followed up like any rep would and was treated like crap!  Well, reps are people too!!!! Just wanted to let u know I didn't appreciate how badly I was treated! Especially by the female staff!!! I was TOO nice Bc I wanted your business BUT I don't want anyone's business badly enough to get crapped on, so I left u all alone. BE KIND TO PEOPLE!!! Please
Wow! Probably the worst experience ever! We called first and said we are snowboarding on Sunday and asked if they offer travel day before and after. And the girl said yes. I told her I was leaving early sat morning and if I could come down Friday end of day  She said no problem. So we drove all the way down from paradise valley to the store. Got fitted. And was told it's now $50.  I told the guy what I was told on the phone and he tells me no we don't do that.  He went and talked to the owner and he confirmed the same thing. They said sorry but she is NEW and doesn't know any better.  And that they would not honor it after driving all the way down.  While I was telling the employee why that is very unprofessional the owner just sat there one table over and did not step up once or say anything to help the situation.  Very useless and unprofessional. I would not recommend these clowns to anyone.  Useless liars.  It was much better before this idiot took it over.
Unless you've been here before, let me warn you about the "unspoken house rules": 1. Order first (do not try and sit down).2. Wait for your food while standing.3. Find a seat (if one is available).Under no circumstances should you sit down before placing an order. And if the place is full, don't try and sit down without food in your hands, unless you want to be made an example of.My wife and I (who frequent restaurants several times a week) have never experienced anyone quite as rude as the woman behind the counter at this place.  We had never been here before and when we walked in, my wife sat down at a table and I went up to place our order.Little did I know the house rules (see above) and after the people in front of me ordered, the obnoxious cashier pointed to our table and to another table (of newbies) and said to the person who just placed the order: "you can either sit there or there", with the tact of, say, General Patton. She never asked us to get up or explained the "unwritten rules" to us.  An "excuse me, but you need to order first before you sit down" would have sufficed.So, my wife got up and we walked out of this place. The food could very well be good - but with waitstaff like this woman - there are plentty of other places around town with not-so crummy service that I'd prefer to spend my money.
The crepes served by this establishment might very well be the culinary embodiment of a mind-exploding, toe-curling, orgasm.  I say, "might be" because on my recent (and last) trip there I didn't have an opportunity to sample them.  In fact, I didn't eat anything at all.Please let me explain.The restaurant is located in the basement of a building off of Walnut Street.  Customers are expected to wait in a line that stretches from the entrance, through the main dining area, to a counter where the crepes are ordered and cooked.  It's a horrendous setup for multiple reasons.  First, there aren't many tables.  When I went there on a Saturday morning, there were at least 20 people standing in line for the ten or so small tables.  Second, the restaurant expects you to wait in line, standing next to tables of patrons who are eating their food, until a table becomes free.  At that point, the woman at the counter takes the next order, a man begins preparing the crepes, and the front of the line is seated while everyone else continues to wait.  Those who have waited long enough, are finally able to sit, while hungry and impatient diners-to-be stand next to their table and wait some more.It's a horrible atmosphere, and not one conducive to a pleasant dining experience.The dining space is poorly designed, so that the line of waiting patrons snakes directly though the middle of the cramped dining area.  Which means that when you are waiting, you are continually bumped by servers shuttling food to the tables and dirty dishes back to the kitchen.  When you are eating, you are likely to: 1) have a bunch of hungry people staring at you eat, waiting for you to leave your table, so that they may be seated; andor 2) have a standing person's ass within a few inches of your head.  What a great dining atmosphere!What's all the more annoying is the lackadaisical work ethic of the people who prepare the crepes.  More than once during my wait, the man making the crepes just stood around, not making any food, waiting for another table to open, so a party's order could be taken, and he could then prepare the next order.  After waiting 15-20 minutes while hungry, becoming increasingly annoyed at being bumped at least 2 dozen times by serves traversing the line, and then seeing the owner stop making food until another order was taken, I said to myself, "enough of this nonsense".My party and I left to go to another restaurant.  I've not eaten any crepe in the world that would justify a long wait under such annoying circumstances, and I will not be back.
Closed on Monday's And closed 530 to 61 Wow. The prices on the menu don't seem that bad. But i still cant get over the fact there closed on Mondays. There is a sign posted "help wanted" so if anyone reads this and needs a job check this place out. And tell them to open on Mondays. BOOOOO, if they weren't closed I would have never found Square Cafe.
Pompous manager hung up on me twice (!) when I called to ask about wait times.  Have never boycotted a restaurant until now.  Mediocre crepes don't entitle that sort of bush league behavior!
Visited on Friday 325 for supper. I was really looking forward to a good Cajun meal. Out of fish on a Friday  Are you kididng And, crab soup so salty, was not edible. The waitress, who was really good, did not charge for it after complaining. Rice and beans pretty good, and wait staff quite attentive. I really did expect better. Will not be going there again.
The in-laws were in town this past weekend, so we decided to show them the newly opened Romare Bearden Park. The park was a lot of fun and after checking it out we decided to stroll over to French Quarter for lunch. I had high hopes for French Quarter, given my love of Uptown restaurants and my affinity for Cajun-inspired food, but I have to say both the food and the customer service was a major letdown.Our server was not very attentive, forgot what we ordered, brought our food out without silverware and took several minutes to provide us with silverware so that we could actually eat, and failed to refill our drinks. The restaurant was also FREEZING... last Saturday was literally the nicest day of the year and they had the air on what had to be 65, totally unnecessary! Once we were finally able to eat our food, it was a) cold from us not getting silverware for a few minutes and the restaurant being crazy cold & b) not that great. The gumbo tasted like it came from a can and the mashed potatoes tasted like they were instant.If the food and service wasn't enough to leave a bad impression, the restrooms were disgusting and there was no toilet paper. I will definitely not be returning to French Quarter... which is a shame because they're in a primo location!
this place is an absolute joke. it's extremely overpriced ($12 for a solo ham and cheese crepe you have got to be kidding me), the menu is extremely limited, and the food is just plain not up to par. seriously--if you're going to try to make a place 'hip' or upscale and charge those kinds of prices, you've got to make the experience worth it. i honestly don't know what the people raving about this place are talking about when it comes to the most delicious food they've ever had. the crepe i had was waaaay too salty, and their bloody marys tasted like they were made of pickle juice. neither i nor the person i was dining with were impressed, and, needless to say, we won't be showing up again.
If you are looking for good authentic french food or a luxurious treat (as it should be with such ridiculous prices) you should stay far far away from Carmon's. This place definitely tries way too hard to be something its not. If not for prior knowledge of this place I would've classified it as a diner. Don't be confused by the menus (which are on shitty clipboards for some reason..) as a high price usually denotes high quality. This is not the case here. The ratatouille was one of the worst my gf has ever had, it tasted like dirt. You pay something like $20 for a pancake filled with questionable meat cooked in a microwave. The one thing that was good was the Crepe Suzette. It was a little too sweet but was a pleasant surprise after a meal of such low quality. The one thing that really pissed off our whole party and ruined the experience was the service. I have never seen a restaurant that hires waitresses this horrible. I mean the service we received was worse than even shitty diners on local highways.  First off, when we went in there were only 2 tables occupied other than us, and we went in with a party of 5. We were not given the large table for some reason, I guess they wanted to save it for parties of 6 or more, but there were very few people in the restaurant and it was way past the normal dinner time. The waitress pushed together one regular sized 2 person table and one small 2 person table designed for cocktails and such. The two tables didn't even fit the same length and there were two giant corners sticking out in the middle of our party. We were placed in the corner of the restaurant too. Its fine to save larger tables for larger parties but at 5 people we could definitely take up the 6 person table. Also there were almost no other guests in the restaurant so we felt pretty unimportant to be forced to sit on two childlike tables. The waitress also didn't serve us water at all but rather just threw down a giant water jug and told us to refill it ourselves. She then disappeared for the entire meal and came back only for the check. Now heres the good part: When the check came we felt like the mandatory 18% gratuity was unreasonable since we didn't know about it before and also we didn't feel like the service we received deserved any gratuity at all. When we told this to our waitress she totally flipped out and said (I quote), "Well we don't need your business then, go eat somewhere else, whatever" and stormed off into the kitchen. We asked for the manager nicely and he eventually came out, but it seemed like he was more annoyed than friendly. It took forever for him to come out since he was obviously hearing the waitress talk about us before coming in. He made some excuses and eventually offered us a discount on our next time back. Thanks but no thanks. We refuse to come to Carmon's ever again. We left the discount card on the table.
Updating my review after a horrible experience trying to utilize their private room, Rendevous, for a birthday dinner.  Their event coordinator dropped the ball with several huge miscommunications during the 4 weeks we were in touch, and then went MIA for a week and a half before the event.  In the 11th hour, three days before the event and ON my actual birthday, I had to pull the event when there was no way to find a mutually-agreed upon solution that would preserve the original intent of the evening.  I had to inform my 27 guests of the last-minute location change via e-mail after sending formal invitations weeks in advance. The entire experience was a nightmare and having the owner yelling at me on my birthday was not the highlight of my week.  The most unprofessional and offensive experience I have ever had within the service industry.
really, I can't believe this place has received such high reviews from people.my lady and i walked in, and were greeted rather rudely by a pretentious bitch at the front with a monotone "name please", instead of a warm, friendly, french welcome to this rather charming looking place. we didn't have a reservation, which from the looks of how dead empty the place was, didn't seem like a problem. until the hostess whisked through her reservation list and explained she'd try to "fit us in". it was 6pm, the place had one other couple dining, and we were informed that the next party was arriving at 7:30. we weren't really looking to hang out. it would have be awfully lovely if yelpers would have informed of the need to MAKE RESERVATIONS before going in here, because if you don't, you're automatically a piece of shit according to the staff. sorry, i don't plan very much ahead. next time i will, and it won't be here.anyways, after debating for a minute or two with herself, the hostess decided we could "squeeze in" and sat us right on top of the other couple inside the restaurant. she informed us that we could cork our own wine, for their low low price of 9 fucking dollars. in words only office space could adequately describe,"coup des tartes, what is it exactly that you do". the food was good, nothing spectacular for $25+ a plate. we got a salad with apples and nuts and bleu cheese, which was served warm. now this is the first warm salad i've had all of my life, and by no means am i some sort of wordly food expert, but i believe salad should be cold and crisp. not soggy and warm. yuck. the cordon bleu was tasty and filling, however, the wobbly table was an extreme annoyance when cutting through the chicken, but it was solved (with no thanks to the staff) by placing a jack-in-the-box gift card under the leg. i will admit, the mashed potatoes are some of the creamiest and best i've ever had. my lady got the pork tenderloin, which had a strange peppery-sweet pairing which i didn't particularly care for. we were broke for desert, so unfortunately we didn't get to try any tarts. you would think for a place that promotes itself as being so poise would get some fancier menus, other than a $.15 piece of cardstock copied in bulk at kinkos.this place was rather disappointing. i honestly thought it would be way more comfy and welcoming inside but it really wasn't. it presents itself as being so high class and french and oh-la-la wee wee, but when it comes down to it, it's still located in a tiny shack of a house at 16th street and highland. maybe if it were located in the biltmore i'd give it a bit more cred.
Yes, the food is good - some things, like the Brie appetizer are even great. I wanted to try the lamb, the house speciality, but they were out. My date's pork was good - the risotto it came with was delicious. My sea bass was slightly overcooked and I didn't care for the relish it came with. I like the ambiance, my date disagreed - he thought it was loud - it's true we could hear all the conversations around us; but food and ambiance aside, my gripe is with CST's customer service.I purchased a $25 gift certificate for CDT on restaurants.com a month ago. When we went to redeem it, we were told, "oh, i'm sorry, we don't honor those anymore...you should be able to contact restaurants.com and get a refund." End of story. No visit from the manager, no complimentary desert. Nothing.We were not the only people that came in that night trying to use our certificate, the table next to us also had one. We went in that night because of the certificate - some people get them to try a new place - i got it cause i needed a little extra incentive to go back to CDT - I remembered the food being good but a bit pricy - $25 off seemed like a nice discount. Whatever, the reason, restaurants count on sites such as restaurants.com to bring in people to their establishments. We upheld our end of the agreement - we went in, ordered more  than just the 2 entree min (app, salad, corakge fee) but CDT did not uphold their end of the agreement - and in my opnion, that is horrible customer service. The certificate was supposed  to be good for a year - it's not like we tried  to use it close to the expiration date, I tried using it one month after purchasing it. Even worse is that CDT has not contacted restaurants.com to let them know that they are no longer honoring it.Luring customers with a gift certificate and not honoring it is a bad business practice.
Service: HORRIBLE. We had a reservation and they made us wait for 25 min. They did not have the courtesy of apologizing for making us wait. Trust me it was not a pleasure waiting with two kids. The owner was not at all friendly. Food: Good. But you will have to pay me to go back there. Never stepping in there again.
My problem with Coup Des Tartes really is that the food is horribly overpriced...not moderately overpriced makes you feel like you're eating at a fancy place, but outrageously overpriced for the quality of the food. For their price points, the food should be a lot better and the tables shouldn't be so close to each other. Their food reminded me of the kind of food I can get from the Whole Foods deli. After Valentine's Day here, I felt taken advantage of by the restaurant. $100 PER PERSON for a measly set of 4 courses with the awful offering of cliched mushroom risotto as the sole vegetarian option, with no choice of anything else. Had the menu been priced at around $40 a person, I still think this place would still only be a 3 star quality but at least reasonably priced. - Brie Brulee: A name far more interesting than the dish itself. It's a warm slice of brie served with staleboring crusty bread and fruit. There was the tiniest bit of fruit compote served with it, so at least someone in the kitchen did something that required effort with this otherwise simple dish. - Onion Tarte: Probably the tastiest thing all night, but again, not worth the money. It has a very strong caramelized onion taste with a nice flaky crust.- Salad: Greens, fruit, nuts, and too much dressing. It was fine but not worth $25.- Chestnut Soup: Didn't taste a thing like chestnuts. The taste is actually like an Indian lentil soup called Sambar. - Filet Mignon: My boyfriend seemed to like it. The mashed potatoes it was served with were very good. The other accompaniment were sugar snap peas drowning in butteroil.- Lamb Shank: The couscous & veggies served with the lamb were very boring tasting, like no one even took the time to season them.- Cherry Tart: This was yummy, and fortunately didn't taste much like cherry. The shortbread crust was good and the combination of warm pie with cold ice cream is classic.- Chocolate Ganache Tart: Pretty good. It, of course, tasted like chocolate. Nothing really remarkable.I'm confused why everyone calls this place charming. It is not charming to be a foot away from the tables next to you. It is not charming to hear their conversation like you're having it with them, struggle to push out your chair to get up because there is another chair right behind you, and struggle to squeeze yourself between tables to leave. I cannot recommend Coup Des Tartes to anyone. The restaurant left a very bad taste in my mouth, figuratively. With so many other nice, moderately overpriced restaurants with much better food, I don't know why anyone would come here.
Extremely poor service and attitude!  I had a reservation for a Saturday night using the Groupon offer that expires in a few days and is only good for Saturdays.They refused to accept it even though they accepted the reservation knowing I had a Groupon.  Their attitude was terrible!  I would never attempt to go there again.
This place is not there anymore.
My mom drove me all the way over there yesterday and it wasn't there.  We should have checked Yelp first.  I looked on their website and it looks like there aren't any in Arizona anymore. My mom was very disappointed.
This place is horrible.  The sandwhichpaninis can be summarized as follows.  They take some french bread, put maybe a slice of meat or two on it, but no more, and toast it.  They have absolutely no meat on them.  You will leave hungry, along with lunch taking a bite out of your pocket book.  Pricey and bad service.  I have eaten here 3 times, as I used to work in the vicinity, and every time I had absolutely horrible service.  I always have to get up and ask for napkins, refills, silverware, whatever it may be.  Also, there pastry selection is always inconsistent.  I have also had several of their muffins.  They are ok, but not anything special.I would not recommend this place and certainly will not go back.
OVERPRICED AND OVERRATED!!!!I cannot believe how much money I spent here for two sandwiches and two sodas.  $25.46The mozzerlla panini had tasteless tomatoes, the thinnest slice of procutto that had a large peice of fat in it causing me to nearly gag.  Plesto sauce was okay.The roast beef sandwhich was a huge dissappointement.  Two thick slices of overdone beef, two thick slices of cheese and a tasteless tomatoe with the top hard vine connector still attached (who wants to eat that).  When I say thick, I mean, 16 thick but did not cover from side to side of the bread.  These sandwhiches were $9.50 each!!!!We got one with pasta salad (corkscrew pasta and a dressing, no veggies or color) and a green salad (lettuce and dressing, nothing else).We also got two diet cokes.  In a can!!!!  For $2.25 each!!  They did'nt offer a glass, ice and straw which in my oppinion might account for the upcharge, but no, nothing, niet.This place might be okay if you are in the area, at the building working or visiting someone, but we drove from Ahwatukee.  So not worth it.  Do not drive to this place.  Do not go out of your way for this place.
So let me preface this one star with the fact that we never did eat here. The reason is because despite the fact that the website says they close at 9:30 on Saturday, they actually were closed by 8:00 when we went there....TWICE! Note to Au Petit Four, this is 2011 and either update your website or inform people if you close early because it is slow. We drove from Southern Scottsdale to Arcadia and it was a waste of time. Also, waste of groupon money!
Review 2512We were searching for a place to end the night with dessert.  We found Au Petit Four on Yelp and their were .4 miles from where we were.  COOL!  And we had their desserts before at the Esplanda location, so we know the the stuff is good.  Parking was almost impossible.  It is hard to find a space but we have a promise of good desserts so we grab the kids and walked.  They have only been in the new location for 6 weeks.  It was pretty nice.  So we all walked to the dessert case.  Everything looked good.  We settled on:1 Coffee, 3 Bottled waters, 1 Lemonade, 1 mango cake, 2 creme brulees, 1 white chocolate cake, and 1 large chocolate chip cookie.  There wasn't a pricing for any of the things we ordered, so when he came to tell us our bill was $48.50.  We were shocked.  WHAT  No detailed bill  The kids were tired and we just wanted to leave.  10 items for $48.50 = Average $4.85 per item since we don't know the prices (non alcohol drinks and dessert)!  REALLY  I feel a little ripped off.
Update 32212 - Judy B. has deleted the review.Update 31912 - Frenchie B. is user Judy B. now.  Updated 31612:First I was glad to see the owner private message regarding our experience there, that was nice.  But then I noticed the same user end "Frenchie B." wrote a review for Au Petit Four too.  Private Message:  "May be you were shocked by the price you paid, let me tell you we did not rise our price from the esplanade.  You 2 cakes and 2 creme brulee and they are the most expensive of the 10 items ingredients we use are very expensive and high quality.  You should ask the detail bill to Pierre there is no reason you did not have it.  Do not feel ripped off, I feel sorry, because you came over to Scottsdale, but I also Hope to see you again soon.  Thank you and have a nice week end."Part of their review on 3912 states: "Also,  if 50 dollars is to expensive for you after having 2 sodas especially the delicious lemonades who are from france so they are more expensive then a can of coke, 2 meals and 2 desserts then mcdonalds is better for you..price wise of course." After review their review, I was shock to see how they think about their customers.  How 2 faced can you get.  Nice in the private message and then blast a customer on a public review.  If I would have had 2 drinks, 2 meals, and 2 desserts for $50, that is a great deal.  We had 5 non-alcoholic drinks, 4 desserts, and a cookie for $48.50.  You know, we should have taken the kids to McDonalds for dessert.  To read the rest of Frenchie B.'s review:  http:www.yelp.combizau-petit-four-scottsdalehrid:b6f4KzsK5ApkWZxLumt-SA
After reading Judy F. 's update, I will no longer go to this establishment.  I was a BIG supporter of this cafe when it was at the Esplanade, however reading Judy B. or Frenchie B's comments, private and a review, I will never send anyone there.  And I've sent many, saying the desserts are wonderful.  The desserts may be wonderful, however, that type of attitude is not needed from those who are related to the owners or who are the owners.   Very disappointing.  Desserts are worth more than Mc D's yes however the attitude is not worth my time, therefore, I will have my caramel sundae for a $1or support another local cafe.   All yelpers try to help locals, however, this cafe doesn't seem to care and approach the reviews very defensively.
Food mediocre, pastries days old, service lousy (3 other tables arriving after me were served first), dirty dishes, floors, windows, bathroom.  Place is a dump!
worst brunch I ever had!I was hoping for a nice Sunday brunch but was very disappointed. The waitress told us that it is a fourty minutes wait for any order. She suggested pastry even though the cafe was less than one third full (12 people including us).  So we selected two crossants, a quiche and two cups of coffee. Pastries arrived quickly but no coffee.  Crossants were cold and soft, not as good as crossan from Paradise cafe but twice the price. Halfway done my croissant I realized I had no napkin. Asked her about coffee she said that it is brewing and need to wait four more minutes.  My husband noticed that the lady behind me complained coffee was too cold and it was then microwaved. He was puzzled as the waitress told us they serve freshly brewed coffee. I finished my croossant and had some quiches. finally our coffee came. They were luke warm too, not as hot as from McDonalds. At this point, twenty minutes later after we sat down,  the waitress  told us if we order now she will be able to serve quickly. We were not happy.  We asked her if there was anything we could have done differently to have a proper meal and she said no. The worse thing is it destroyed our whole day being treated this way. Will not go there ever again!
Overpriced and dirty.  Had lunch here with my wife and service was ok but salad they served was stale and moldy.  Ordered a raisin croissant, looked and tasted like it was about 4 days old which surprised us they would serve and charge for that.  Probably won't go back since there are better options in the area, scratch, chez vous, ect.
This place is nothing wonderful. The croissants are nothing out of the world. They are half the size of what you would get else where and double the price. They are the most expensive I have had in all of US at $4.80 a piece!! They were stale and nothing great and this was in the morning at 8am. Go else where
Food poisoning for two, please...I am really confused by all the 4-star and 5-star reviews for this place. The 4-star average Yelp rating was the reason my wife and I chose to dine here during our stay in Phoenix. Yelp, you really let us down this time.So I was on company business travel in Phoenix the week of March 12th and my wife was traveling with me. We had a French impulse that Tuesday night and tried to crash Petite Maison in Scottsdale, only to find out that reservations were required and there were no tables available. The following night, still craving French cuisine, we decided to stop in at Sophie's French Bistro in Phoenix.The first warning sign was that the place was entirely empty during peak dinner hours. However, encouraged by the strong reviews on Yelp, we decided to go ahead and order. We took advantage of a couple of happy hour specials and ordered the following...3 Cheese PlateChef's PateCalamariCrispy Duck BreastCreme BruleeThe food was average at best. My wife and I both tend to critique food as we eat it, and we both found ourselves commenting that the portions were small and the food was overpriced for what it was. Most of what we ate was bland and the pate had a very odd flavor and consistency.The fun started about 4 hours later when we were back in our hotel room. We both started experiencing various internal moaning and groaning, followed by the onset of stomach pain. No big deal, I thought... By shortly after midnight, we were each fighting for time in the bathroom, taking turns to vomit up everything we had eaten that night. I'll try to spare you the details, but this was the kind of violent and uncontrollable vomiting that I have only experienced perhaps once before in my entire life. Needless to say, diarrhea was also involved.After going through this for a good two hours, my wife and I were both thoroughly exhausted and dehydrated. My wife even told me she felt like she was dying, and said that she had never felt this bad before - not even during child birth. o.OSo by around 2:30am, my wife was begging for me to call an ambulance. For a while, neither of us could get up off the floor to reach the telephone. I eventually found a break in the vomiting and managed to sip down enough water to recover slightly. I carried my wife out to the car and asked the hotel receptionist for directions to the nearest hospital.We drove to John C. Lincoln Hospital on Dunlap, which I recommend if you ever get poisoned by Sophie's French Bistro. I managed to get there without hitting anything, which was remarkable since I could barely see straight and could barely function at all. Once inside, my wife completely collapsed and was unconscious briefly. The nurses and doctors rushed her into the ER and brought her back around. They gave her a shot of morphine and then hooked her up to an IV drip of fluids. As I waited, I continued to experience vomiting and tried to keep myself hydrated. Despite being in a hospital, I was determined not to check myself in for treatment, not wanting to add further medical bills.Sometime around 5:00am, my wife was ready to be discharged. The official diagnosis was acute food poisoning. We were never able to identify the specific meal at Sophie's which poisoned us, as we both shared the same courses and ate equal amounts each.However - and this is the kicker - when the doctors asked us where we had eaten dinner and we told them it was Sophie's, they remarked "oh, that place!". We learned that the ER at John C. Lincoln has seen 3 other cases of food poisoning caused by Sophie's. The hospital took our information for the purpose of compiling a complaint against Sophie's with the AZ Department of Health Services. They told us that once they have at least 10 confirmed cases, then they are required by law to report the incident as a disease outbreak.This all would have been nice to know before we chose to dine at this place. I can only assume that the other poisoning victims either don't use the internet, or are still laying in a pool of vomit somewhere, too weak to write a review.Please, please, PLEASE don't put yourself through the same hell that we went through that night. After this experience, we lost all desire to dine in Phoenix ever again. Thanks, Sophie's, for ruining our trip.For the record, we did have an excellent meal at CIBO Pizza the night before we were poisoned. I highly recommend CIBO. Great food, without food poisoning.
The place was pretty deserted...I discovered  why. The inside has a slightly funky odor, like spoiled cheese and cheap wine. The owner was a sour faced jerk who demanded to know what I wanted. I'm assuming he was the owner because he had a European accent and his clothes were better than mine. And he had an aura of arrogance and authority.That's all it took for me to turn around and walk out the door. If all French bistros are like this one, then I'm steering clear of them in general. Sophie's really sucks.
I must put my 2 cents worth in about Vincents.  I personally will never go to Vincents again.  We went one new year's eve for a friend's husband birthday.  He is French and they are from Florida--so I was trying to make it a special occassion.   I remember very little about the meal because the service was HORRIBLE.  Red wine came after salads had been served.  A white wine sat on our table unopened until we were able to flag someone down--the serving of the meal was uneven at best and then servers got switched mid meal.  For a dinner that cost more than $500--I certainly expected more.  When I called to complain--their offer to me was a glass of champagne and a dessert--to make up for an evening that was suppose to be special on several accounts and turned out to be a disaster.
This place had a lot of hype...one of the best rated restaurants in town. We were extremely disappointed. The service was terrible, we sat for about 15 minutes before we even had a menu and were asked if we wanted a drink. When we did finally get the menus we were extremely disappointed with what was supposed to be an extensive wine list. The wine list turned out to be rather weak with a small selection from each region - even France wasn't well represented. After another 15 minutes of waiting without any contact from the non existent server we walked out...and walked down the road to Chelseas...which was solid.
Apparently I was in the 'formal' Vincent's on Camelback' as opposed to Vincent's Market Bistro so I can't speak to the Bisto.  As for Vincent on Camelback we were very disappointed.  The menu and the staff were really over the top pretentious and the food was just ok.  The choices were extremely limited and very expensive.  For two meals with no drinks or dessert, the bill was over $120.  We got the (small) rack of lamb and some kind of tough wild boar dish with sauce that had a very odd flavor to it.  And not 'odd good.'  It came with a side of parsnip 'potatoes' that made me wish that they would have used real potatoes instead.  I get it. But what has the potato ever done to Vincent to deserve this  One more thing. . . I forgot.  We ordered a bowl of lobster bisque. I told the waiter that there was no lobster in it. He said that's the way the chef makes it.  Huh  Please.  Next time maybe I'll have chicken soup with no chicken in it.Avoid this restaurant.  I can't help but think that the people who left good reviews have had their brains fried by the 120 degree sun in Phoenix.
Oh my! Restaurant week 2011 .  This meal was a disaster! Terrible service...totally non existent  service. No beverages offered and we had to ask for them . There was a 25 minute wait for a reserved table, whilst 10 empty tables needed to be cleared. Food incredibly lacking in flavor . Lobster was NOT served....it was langoustine.  Steaks mediochre to be kind.  Excessively salty salad...could not eat it. Pecan pie smothered in caramel sauce. Honestly good pie ruined!  ONE WAITER HUMMED LOUDLY FOR THE ENTIRE EVENING. He wasn't part of the entertainment. Will never waste money there again. So many great restaurants in town.....THIS IS NOT ONE OF THEM.
Unmitigated Disaster - We will never be back again, and I would have to recommend (after this experience) for no one to go there either.Upon entering the restaurant, we were not so kindly greeted by a white haired woman at the front desk. Our reservation was for 7PM, and we got there at 6:55PM. The disgruntled lady tells us to sit in the lobby until it's closer to 7PM... Since when did showing up a few minutes early become a nuisance Moving forward, we headed towards the lobby to find eight people also waiting to be seated. A little unusual for a Tuesday night, but no big deal - until twenty minutes passed until we were finally seated. I understand that restaurants can get busy, but a simple "I'm sorry for the wait" would have gone a long way.There were two dining areas and we were placed in the larger room. Several tables were available, so I didn't understand the long wait. Anyway, there's an old-fashioned quality to this place... not good or bad. The chairs were uncomfortable and the carpet looked unkempt, but we were there for the food. We sampled the Duck Tamales.  Unfortunately, there was nothing special about this dish. It wasn't great, but it wasn't horrible either.  That was the highlight of the eveningWhile waiting for the main dishes to arrive, it got extremely cold in the restaurant. We hear the staff complaining about the temperature, and then we see another couple complaining to the host about how cold it was on their side of the room. Finally, dinner arrives... I ordered the wild boar cooked to medium rare. It tasted medium-well to well done. The waiter stated that this dish comes with five large medallions, but looking at the dish, there were thinly shaved bits of meat. This dish reminded me of the over-cooked roast beef that my dad used to make when we were kids (which I hated, by the way). My wife ordered the braised short ribs which tasted like something that came out of a microwave. She tells me, "For the price of this meal, I'd rather eat a microwaveable meal." I tried a piece of the short ribs thinking it couldn't be that bad... WRONG. The short ribs were chewy, stringy, and although it was covered in sauce, it was DRY. We hardly put a dent in our meal. While waiting for our missing waiter, we noticed that the restaurant was starting to get really warm - similar to a gym. We both started laughing at how horrible everything had been. We were finally able to flag down the waiter for our check. He never once asked us how our meal was - even after seeing our plates were more than half full. Anyway, the moral of the story is: Don't waste your money here. Or perhaps call in advance to make sure Vincent is working. While waiting for our car, the valet guy said, "Vincent is on vacation. His food is phenomenal, but when he's not here, we hear customer complaints." Maybe this guy is right, and Vincent's food is out-of-this-world; however, based on the service alone, I will not even bother coming back. No second chances for this place - no thanks!
Ok...First off I have to say I don't usually judge a place off the reviews and like to give it a shot. Well this was a bad idea... especially on an anniversary dinner celebration. Please be advised that the bad reviews are indeed true. We have eaten the food through their catering and it is delicious, so this makes me think all the energy is expelled here alone Like the other reviews had said this is a creepy outdated awkward place that doesn't have any background music playing at all. So yes the tables are very close together with no music so imagine how uncomfortable that will be. We immediately ordered martinis to try and ease the mood. My dirty martini was garnished with tiny olives on a sandwich pick for an upscale price. The server also spilled most of my wife's martini during her trip to the table saying how it was "overfilled." We received a basket of bread that was burnt and unappealing which ended our idea of a maybe hopeful outcome. We were both confused because the dinner menu was nothing like we had eaten through catering. The server informed us that we had probably meant to dine at the "bistro," and was happy to transfer us over next door. Feeling questionable that it would be any better we paid our tab and agreed to go take a table they were holding for us. We then walked over to the bistro side of the restaurant only to be disappointed once again.  Packed in like a meat house and sat there for 15 minutes without being asked if we'd like a drink we decided to walk out. They have again an awkward system of seat yourself and apparently serve yourself as well We were so confused by all the groups of people lining outside to get in this place. We were more than willing to give up our table to the next unfortunate guest. The parking lot is also a joke like a previous person had reviewed. It is only valet and gets backed up by the cars coming in and the one attendant trying to run the place. Some lady thought I was a valet driver and proceeded to yell at me because I was standing around not helping her. We are in our late 20's and knew we were in "Snotsdale" all the way.
First let me say that the food was good. Second let me say that I am a 25 year veteran owner of bars and restaurants. I know intricately how they run and the types of people they employ. We ate there on 213. My date was a professional Triathlete. She does not drink when in training. To be responsible I only ordered one glass of wine ($15). The server with the Brit accent was rude and condescending from that point on. His response was a miffed "just one glass " repeated back snarkily. I ordered 2 apps, a split salad, and two entrees and dessert.  He was pained to inquire if it was good and we had to fight to get our water glasses filled. He attempted to hurry us out, all the while kissing the asses of the regulars at the adjacent table. He didnt let us even get halfway through the dessert before unceremoniously dumping our check. I then had the gall to pay with a Capital One credit card. The asinine snob opened the check folder in front of us, looked down and made a sour looking face. It was clear that 1. he was pissed that there was no bottle of wine ordered to bump his tip. 2. His perception of Capital One cards was that only low class and credit crunched losers own them. I recently got divorced and my Ex destroyed our credit, Sorry Mr Bean but thats what i paid with. I left a 20% tip because it is my custom from owning restaurants.So if the owners or management of Vincents read this please understand that I had on a custom hand made shirt, new Gucci Loafers, and a $12,000 Franck Muller watch. I chose your restaurant, i CHOSE not to drink, I chose to pay with a non-status credit card, and I will most certainly CHOOSE not to return based on the entirely unacceptable and highly offensive behavior of  my server based on the his uneducated and insulting perceptions. I left a $30 tip because I choose to so the bus boys and other staff would be tipped out. This idiot waiter that was ONLY concerned with his tip needs to learn that his customers are often much more intelligent then he is, and that gratuities are earned for service. Good service, not rude, condescending, childish, idiocy based on his perception of who his clients are. He clearly misconstrued who and what I was, and did the "look down at the tip and thank you graciously at the door" after he saw his grubby $30 left on my low class credit card. As a side note, I might have ordered a full bottle of wine had I been impressed with your wine list. It just happens that I am a dealer and collector in ultra-rare California Cult Cabs and prefer to drink exceptional bottles when I do drink more then one glass. In fact snotty ass server, I doubt that you have the connections or financial resources to obtain one bottle, more or less the 1000 that I have in my home. Im sure your $750,00 home, that you were so proudly gloating about to the next table, is much nicer then mine too, I mean I only drank one glass and paid for it on a cheesy card!Run the other direction unless you want a true French experience- treated rude rude rude for no reason other then greed, insecurity and jaded crass immaturity. There are plenty of places to eat where the server would be grateful for a $30 gratuity. Its not Europe, gratuities are discretionary. This ass of a server just has an unearned sense of entitlement. WORTHLESS PLACE
miserable experiencesnarky jerkoff of a waitermediocre food in small portions over salted and lukewarmcrappy ordinary and overpriced wine listone of the worst meals in scottsdale ever!
Wow. What a disappointment. Dirty plates, coffee was horrible and the water tasted like linen. Never come here.
We mistakenly chose to host an 65th wedding anniversary family celebration at Vincent's.   At the end of the meal, as we were trying to collect our uneaten desserts, Vincent became enraged by the delay to his waiters' ability to clear the table.  (We later surmised that the threat of overtime pay prompted this entirely inappropriate, frightening response.)  The alternative and civil approach would have been to help the guests while simultaneously clearing.  The honorees, ages 87 and 88, had been loyal and frequent customers for over 30 years.  They were deeply shaken and frightened by Vincent's threatening loss of self control (which escalated to threats and his grabbing of my 87 year old mother's arm).  No member of my family will ever step foot near this establishment again.   Unfortunately, Vincent's inappropriate behavior trumped any value associated with food.
If this is how churrascaria is done in Las Vegas, it's a shame!  My family and I went here for lunch.  We were the only ones in the restaurant and we couldn't locate any of the employees.  Not one sound came from the kitchen, which I found to be odd.  I was begging to leave because the emptiness and silence of the restaurant suggested that this place was going to suck....and man, was I right!!  There was only one server handling the small selection of meats.  The meat was DISGUSTING.  I could not finish what was on my plate because it was just horrible.  All the meats were dry and some tasted old.  I think that they just warmed up the meats leftover from the days before and served it because we did not wait long at all.  I learned what real churrascaria was supposed to taste like when I tried it in Chicago.  If you're looking to eat at a Brazilian steak house in Las Vegas, I'm warning you, do not go here!!!
The ambiance of this place was more formal than lively, not what I expect from a less than average churrascaria.
Okay 1.5 stars nooo 1, nooo 1.5, I dunno!Okay here's why, this place was my single most weirdawkward dining experience I've ever had or hopefully ever will have....!My girlfriend and I where going to go to firefly which is in the same parking lot... and firefly was booked on tables and way crowed inside so we thought maybe marrakech instead... "no we've been there a bunch of times, plus that's a lot of food to eat, not being that hungry let's try this Yolis place!" We see the menu posted outside, there are some things we can order that sound good. So we walk up the stairs to the restaurant and go inside. First thing you see in here, is the crazy lighting everything is NEON green... Maybe cool looking for a bar perhaps, but a restaurant I dunno why anyone would think that was a good idea. We get seated,... and here's where is got really strange. Before we ordered our food three people had come to our table, we had no idea who our waiter was. They brought bottled water without us asking. Someone came over to the table said hi with the water, someone asked us for our drink order, and then someone else for our entree order. So this last person we ask, "Are you our waiter" Can we see a menu"'Oh you want a menu" You don't want to get the firepit"My friend, "What's that"--- the manager or the owner comes over and he is talking to us really enthusiastically like a car salesmen...telling us to order the firepit, which is like 5 or 6 different kinds of meat, etc etc...----My friend, "Sounds neat, do you guys have menus though""Oh we have menus, why do you want one when I am telling you this is the best thing to order." "Ummm, well we'd just like to see what else there is"---Tells the waiter to get us a menu.---(What the heck right)So he leaves for a second and my friends like we can leave, and me stupidly I say, "No we're already here and already ordered our drinks..." (Regret)So we stay....After not even a few minutes of looking at our menu, the owner and the waiter come back over and start telling us more about the firepit on and on about how this is the Brazilian thing you have to try this, etc etc. I said, "I just wanted a lamb pita." "A pita!! Why would you order a pita at a Brazilian steak house!"My friend, 'Why is it on the menu then"--I forget what he said but it didn't make sense, and I said, "no that's what I want."--(Honestly I wish we would have just walked out but this was my first time ever having something like this happen to me I didn't really realize how to react.)After bombarding us with the whole firepit thing he railroaded my friend into ordering the firepit. Which was the traditional meat on a spear that the bring around from one table to the next and cut off onto your plate. Normal, and pretty neat to do,... but she didn't really want that much food-specially meat!Think about we where going to go to tapas... it was SO much meat and they actually splattered some of it onto my friend shirt! The meat was dry and not very good. They also seemed to be serving it to everyone on the same schedule so it was not just 3 or 4 tables it was more like 8-10 tables... It took forever.After we left some guys in the same situation as us, peering up the stairs where thinking if they should check it out, as we came down they asked us "Is this place good...."Our answer obviously, "NO!!"
DO NOT GO HERE!!!!AS always I should have listened to you Yelpers. I tried, I really did but the rest of the party I was with insisted they wanted to go here even though the restaurant next door was Moroccan and had belly dancers! ( not to mention 4 stars). Just as other people have commented, Yes there is a very annoying Italian manager that just loves to teach you about "Brazilian steak house". I have a feeling he is going deaf, everything coming out of him is very boisterous and he even bends over when you place your order and yells in your ear "WHAT" The horrible part was there was an actual Brazilian in our group but the manager had no idea... he thought us so many things about "Brazilian steak house" he even taught me how to drink out of a cup.  He was very perturbed when we wanted to see the menu instead of getting the "Brazilian steak", "YOU DO NOT WANT TO EAT BRAZILIAN FOOD" This is because it is the most expensive thing on the menu.The restaurant inside looks like they picked up everything at a garage sale and then put it all together in one big space. There is a huge chandelier in the middle of the restaurant that consists of 40 green desk lamps turned upside down. The restaurant also comes complete with pastel crane "posters" from a 90's hotel.The food:DISGUSTING.I ordered the Greek salad because I was scared to get anything else. They over drenched it with salad dressing and the feta was out of those President packages you get at the supermarket. The Brazilian guy we were with got the actual "Brazilian Steak" which is all you can eat of different cuts of meat. "NO DOGIE BAGS AND NO SHARING" barked the manager. I didn't want to eat any of his stinking meat anyway it looked like it had been recycled from day to day. One of the waiters asked my B.F if he wanted more turkey ( Brazilians don't even eat turkey) and he said "no" he was full and the old geezer got mad and said that he is required to ask and that he should be polite! ok... the B.F puts up with my shit all day long and doesn't say a thing... this guy just wanted to be a dick.P.S- Even some of the other waiters were making crazy faces(LOCO) behind the managers back  when he was talking to the table!! Everyone thinks he's an idiot, even his employees!!
My employer hosted a lunch event here and as the second in command for organizing the event I was EXTREMELY dissatisfied with this place. First off this wasn't my selection of restaurant. Had I visited it before like the organizer did I would NEVER have selected to host our event here. Decor needs a major update. I understand redecorating is expensive but that is NO excuse for your out of fashion decor to be dirty. Filthy walls, carpet and seats. Dirty and dingy smelling bathrooms. Next disappointment was the SLOW service. We had about 15 guests and 5 presentersevent staff. It took forever for our Grandpa server to get anything including drink refills. At one point I had to get refills on my own from the bartender who appeared to be doing nothing. Why could he have not helped out is beyond me. There was only one other table in the restaurant. Food was coming out and different times, some tables had salad while others had nothing, when the meal came out it was also not timed very well. One of our guests even had a bug in her food (the potatoes). I was really disappointed with the quality of food. The sides and cuts of meat seemed cheap and there didn't seem to be anything overly "Brazilian" about them.Save your money and your time.
Overall was very disappointedthe good:service is good, waiter and servers were friendly and prompt with food. the bad:the meat was overcooked mostlydecor needs updatingkind of pricey for the quality (Spent $100 with tip for two drinks, two meals, bottled water)only one guy brings around the meat....seemed awfully rushed
NOW THAT'S A KNIFE!And I am sure that the server wanted to stick it in me!I have never come here by choice. I have only been here for team dinners or as I like to call it group fun. It is easy because you just tell them 15 people and no one needs to even look at a menu.Let's get back to that knife getting stuck in me.  This place is not like a Fogo because they really do not want you to eat a lot of meat here. The waiter was handing out turkey breast and my co-worker said he did not want one. I asked the waiter for a second turkey and he told me, "NO!"  He then looked at me and said, "I am bringing sausage next. You can have that!" I then said, "I do not want sausage, I want the turkey breast!" He still refused to give it to me. Can we say, "Awkward!"When the waiter came back he refused to give me sausage! He said, "You told me you did not want sausage!" I said, "Yeah I did but since you told me I couldn't have the turkey breast. I want the sausage out of principal!" It was quite funny because my co-worker then made the waiter give me two sausages. I am glad that I did because the sausage was really tasty. I might have missed out on that.  From that point on the waiter was a little mad at me.  In fact, he chose to cut all of the meat directly in front of me. I was just waiting for him to spill on me or drop something in my lap. It was very weird and a little of a power play on his part. I also must point out that the food here is really salty. The chicken was good but it was over salted. We ordered a bunch of pitchers of water for the table.  Something strange also happen. About 30 minutes after we ate our chicken, the waiter came back with thongs to pick out our chicken bones off of our plate.  Why didn't they just give us a clean plate And he was only grabbing chicken bones. He was leaving the beef fat and other various scraps of meat. I told my buddy that the chef needed the bones to make a stock. Sadly I believe that this is what was happening right at our table. I also joked that they were going to make a stock out of our bones and make us drink it as a team building experience. Yuck!!!The sides here are terrible. The Brazilian buns are the worse Brazilian buns ever. At other places I can not stop eating them but here I would not even feed them to a bird. The only side that is good is the fried polenta or at least I think that is what it is.The bartender is a sweet old lady but she can not remember your drink. So make it easy and just order a beer or a scotch or a wine.  We started drinking at the bar and the bartender could not even remember what rum she used in one of my co-workers drinks. The funny part is that she sold us at the bar that it was the best dark rum and then 20 minutes later could not even tell us what rum it was. Lies!!!The owner here is also all business. He tries to up sell everything. He also tried to get us to buy bottles of wine for the table. He told us that it would be easier for us to get a drink if we just poured our own wine. I found this unbelievable that an owner would try and talk us out of mixed drinks. He even went as far as to tell us it would be hard for us to get our drinks. I really did not like this. We all stuck with ordering from the bar but it was a slow painful process. This place lost money!On another occasion we had a bunch of female co-workers with us and the owner was all over them. It was a little sick. He was hitting on them and ignoring all of the men at the table. I found this a little tasteless. We did not have to worry about this on our most recent visit because we had 14 men and 1 woman.I also must point out that I usually come here during the two largest conventions in Vegas (CES and NAB) and we can always get a table. Try that at the other restaurants and you will be waiting 1 to 2 hours for a table.  Yes there is always a table open here and it is easy to get in. That tells me that a lot of people are not going out of there way to come here and eat.The best thing that I had here was the shrimp cocktail which the owner pushed us to order along with fried calamari. Do not get the fried calamari because it is not fresh. I believe it is frozen and it does not taste good at all. These were all add on's and the owner never came back once we refused to buy bottles of wine. He went to work other tables and get there bills inflated.The only good cut of meat here was the tri-tip. It was really tasty. It was sad that after all of that meat, it was the only one of the cuts that actually stood out. Also, beware that the waiter is going to control how much meat you get and the process is slow and long... painfully long.This place is not fancy. The interior could use a face lift along with an attitude adjustment by the staff. I am sure that the owner tells them to not give people a lot of meat even though it is all you can eat. The menu should say, "All you can bare!" because after a while you just want to get out of here!
It was terrible. I received a coupon from United Blood Service $70 value for 2.  With 2 sodas, our total bill was $84, without tip. A waste of money considering I left hungry.The restaurant looks old, a little dirty, but smells delicious. We got rice, potatoes, polenta, broccolli, carrots, bread and cold butter as side dishes. The rice was very, very bad. Potatoes were ok. The best part of dinner was the broccoli.The wait staff and owner weren't very friendly to my husband and me (because of coupon). We were offered 7 cuts of meat. The chicken and turkey were good. All the other meat were bland. When I asked if that was all the food, they told me yes. Quite disappointed, but at least I know. Last time I ate here was 1997 and I don't recall it being this bad. I am not sure what all these good reviews are for. I have been to many more awesome Brazilian Churrascarias.It's great food if you don't have taste buds.
Wow. Horrible fucking service and not so great food. We made a reservation for 6 at 730pm and got there at 8. As soon as we walked in,  we were seated right away.  After that, it all went downhill. It took 10 min for them to ask us what we wanted to drink. We ordered a round of waters and she told us the waiter would bring us water and she got upset cause no one ordered alcohol.  20 minutes pass by and finally the waiter comes to bring us water.  So that's 30 min to get some fucking water. To top it off, my water came in a dirty glass and when I asked for a new one, the waiter said they ran out of cups. Umm hello Fucking wash one. We ordered calamari as an appetizer and when it came out,  for sure that shit came out of the freezer.  It tasted really fishy. Next, the salad comes out and the dressing tasted so nasty. not one of us ate the salad. we had to ask 3 times for them to start serving the meat and after another long 30 minute wait, the meat finally comes. i was so hoping for the meat to be tender and well seasoned but that backfired as well. the only thing that i can say was good was the chicken. after 1 full round of all the meats, the waiter kept asking us if we were done. i guess it was his time to go home. what the fuck man. at this point we were all fed up already and just wanted to leave so we ask for our check. ANOTHER 30 min pass by and finally i got tired of all this bullshit and got up to ask for the check. the polite waiter who i give my 1 star to told us that ever since the manager that was wearing a wig took over, the restaurant started going to shit. the pos system that they used was broken so they had to manually write down everyones order. he apologiezed to everyone and gave us 15%off coupons for future use. i will NEVER go back to this bullshit ass restaurant.
I've gone to hundred's of restaurants and seen my share of service blunders, but this one is the absolute worst.  It's amazing how they can make you feel like they don't care within 30 seconds of sitting down.  Waited 20 minutes to be acknowledged at the table, and saw the same happen to other couples there.  I walked out, and so did two other couples in my area.  This place is a disgrace to those hardworking restaurant owners who care about their guests.Food was garbage, and what a joke it was to watch them take the piece of meat and use the knife to move it to my plate.  I guess they were  too cheap to purchase tongs to grab the pieces.I will repeat - worst restaurant I have been in in over 10 years - avoid at all cost.
Wow...this was absolutely the worst dinning experience of our lives.  (This wasn't our first Brazilian Steakhouse)We called before to see if they took reservations.  The girl who answered the phone was clueless.  She didn't know the answer so we just asked how long the wait was since we were only about 30 minutes away.  She started rambling about seating us maybe at table 30 or table 36 and then just paused for about 30 seconds.  She finally said there would be no wait.When we got there, after a few minutes we were seated.  We waited about 5 minutes and then our waiter came by and said, "Hi, how are you doing  Have you been....Oh, hold on, this table was here first." And then he turned around and started helping a table across from us that actually just sat down!!  (They had 6 people so he probably expected a larger bill)  After another 5 minutes with them, he came back to us and we ordered water and he explained that we turn the block to red when we're eating salad bar and to green when we want meat.  We got our salad from the salad bar. (Best part of the meal but it was still very average in our opinion)  After another 5 minutes we asked one of the server assistants for our water and for some bread that comes with all the meals.  It took another 3-4 minutes after that before they brought our water.  No bread.  We got seconds on our salad bar and came back to the table.  At that time, we decided we wanted to start trying some meat with our salad bar items.  I flipped over the block to green.  The waiter came by and flipped BACK over the block and said "NO, you're not ready!" and kept on walking by!!  We we're floored by his response, if they wanted us to wait until the sides came they could have said it more tactfully.  A few minutes later we pushed our salads to the side and flipped over our block again to show we wanted our sides and meat.  They brought over our sides (rice, beans, fried bananas, and a few other things).  Still no bread, we asked again.  They brought it a few minutes later.  So I put some rice and beans on my plate and waited for meat.  They brought by our option of meat and put it on our plates (we accepted every meat they brought by).  I started eating and took a bite of my rice.  I felt something stringy in my mouth and proceeded to pull out a long, blond hair.  We were disgusted.  I waited for our waiter to come by but after 5 minutes he didn't show up.  Finally, a meat server came by and we asked him to get our waiter.  He came by and I showed him the hair, he asked for it and examined it.  He then looked at us and said that no one in the kitchen has blonde hair...inferring it wasn't from them.  My wife and I both have brunette hair so we knew it wasn't ours.  He took away the rice and my plate and they brought by new rice and plates a few minutes later.  (No apologies at this time)  I didn't care for rice now and really wanted to try some more meat.  I waited for about 7-8 minutes until the next person came by with meat.  They put a small portion on our plates and walked away (never asked if we wanted more or a larger piece - none of the meat servers do this and they all give tiny pieces).  I ate that piece in 2 bites and waited again.  This became a pattern.  It was usually about 10 minutes between meats.  (Shouldn't be this way)  We mentioned this to our server and he said okay and walked away.  After another 30 minutes and only 2 more pieces of meat (one was pineapple) we said we had enough.   It was extremely frustrating looking around for someone to bring you meat and having to wait 10 minutes between bites.  We told the waiter we were finished.  They brought by dessert but after our experience we passed.  A few minutes passed and he dropped the check on our table and said "sorry bout the hair" and walked away.  We expected to see a discounted tab, however it was for the full amount of $65.  He came back by and we asked to speak to a manager.  He walked over to one, talked for a bit and then came back and said no manager was available, but "I am available".  We told him how unhappy we were with the experience and that we didn't believe we should have to pay this enter amount.  He then asked "Did you both eat You both ate food so you have to pay."  We again explained how unhappy we were and brought up everything that happend.  He said there was nothing he could do.  We asked to speak to a manager.  He said no, there was nothing they could do.  We asked again and he got one. The manager walks over (and guess what, she had long blond hair) after we explained the evening, she rudely asked if the waiter saw the hair, then she said that they had people out and it was too busy, and then said they couldn't do anything about our tab.  We argued and they finally took half off.The reason why we are so upset was the customer service.  Places can have off nights, hair falls in food, but the way they handled it was absolutely pathetic.  SAVE YOUR $. DON'T GO HERE!
I'm not exaggerating when I say that Fogo E Brasa was the worst dining experience of my life. They advertised crab legs, but only had imitation crab meat in some unskilled attempt at a salad. But the meat was the worst, I could find better roast beef for $3.99 at Frys. The lamb and ribs literally tasted rancid. This was the only time I have actually felt shafted after eating someplace. For a split second I considered walking out without paying because it was that bad. I would not recommend this place to my worst enemy.
Head to Fogo de Chao instead!!!!!!!!!!!!! This place is gross and not worth the price! You will spend a lot at Fogo de Chao too, but the quality and taste is sooooooo much better. My hubby and I tried this place out on a weeknight and we should have known to turn away when we saw only 2 other tables filled in the entire place.  The quality of the meat was so cheap, dry,chewy and tasteless. The salad bar was small compared to Fogo de Chao, but prob the best part of the entire meal and when you go to a Brazilian restaurant it's suppose to be all about the MEAT and the MEAT sucks balls here. Also our waiter was so damn annoying. We noticed they had a giant Brazilian flag and American flag hanging on the wall by the bar and the American flag was all half hanging onto the floor and we asked him if he could fix it since the flag was on the damn ground and he remarked "the owner is right there you can ask him yourself." My hubby and I looked at each other like WTF so my husband did just that, he walked over to the owner sitting at the bar right next to the flags and asked him to fix the flag and he said sure right away and started fixing it. dumb waiter. Anyways, Don't waste your time or your money here the food is 2 thumbs down.
I've eaten at only one Brazilian restaurant before, and my experience there led me to believe that the food at Fogo Ebrasa would also be absolutely delicious! There were some decent items on the salad bar, but there were no crab legs like their website indicated. Instead, there was crab salad made with imitation crab. That was the pleasant part of our dining experience. Then the meat starting coming. I'm not exaggerating when I say this, but the lamb and the ribs actually had a strong rancid flavor and were completely inedible.  The rest of the meat was poorly cooked and had no flavor. The service and staff were pleasant, but this place was absolutely not worth the $100 bucks we paid for 3 people.
My wife and I were intrigued by the concept, but disappointed in the execution. The food wasn't as good as the price would indicate.  the pineapple was delicious - actually, the best part of the meal. Although they advertise one charge for "all you can eat" desserts aren't included and they didn't tell us until after we finished them - they also weren't very good either.Stay away.
RAW!!!  Serving Raw chicken is not exotic, it's poison.  First visit to this place for my sister's birthday and I am still hurting from the war that took place in my belly.  The environment is typical for a Brazilian steak house with skewer heaven for the meat aficionado.  The challenge came when the meats and chicken were served raw.  My plate was bloody and that's coming from a person who loves rare meats.  The lamb was hard and the cut was strange definitely not typical.  I have visited Texas de Brazil before and they know how to do it, these guys... no!The price is a bit high but average for these type of restaurants the problem is that the quality is not there.  We were not sure what the prices were on desert because they have a all you can eat salad bar, breads, and meat, but apparently after our nice bill for about $280 the deserts (not very good and mediocre at best) were not included.  This place definitely ruined my night and if you are interested in brazilian restaurants, visit Fogo de Cao
I recently visited this place with two of my friends who were even more disappointed with the food and the service than myself. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!! You are better off paying your neighbor $31 to eat the dog poop in the front yard then to go to this restaurant. They forgot to fill up our drinks, the meat was not cooked nor seasoned. We let the manager know and he just said sorry we feel that way. He did nothing to resolve our disappointment. Again pass on this restaurant. You are better off at a place where you know the food is amazing.
First off, it was so dark my eyes hurt and i have 2020 vision.  Salad bar was gross with nothing tasty. Service was the slowest i've ever seen in my life. They didn't bring out what you wanted even if you asked for it specifically 5+ times--and from several different people. They were SUPER stingy with everything. You got about two bites of meat every 15 minutes. Side dishes were bland and sparse. Never ever coming here again. I recommend no one comes here. It's absolutely not worth 14 of the price. Ack!
We just gave up.  We were at the restaurant for almost two hours and nobody walked away full.  The waiters shaved off child-sized portions of meat and scurried away.  We requested the meat that we wanted and they nodded and walked off and we never saw them again.  Of the 15 types of meat on the menu we saw about seven or eight.  We asked for mint jelly (someone in our group loved lamb and mint jelly) at least six times over 20 minutes before they brought it.Some of the meat was "okay", the salad bar was underwhelming and the sides were only good for taking up room at the table.  We were so disgusted with this place that we didn't even try dessert.  The service was so unbelievably horrible that we didn't leave a tip.  We had to get the hostess to take our credit card.  Maybe if they turned on a few extra lights, the waitstaff could've seen us sitting there.Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else or spend the extra money and have a meal you'll never forget at a real Brazilian steak house (instead of a meal you wish you could forget at this imposter).
Can I give no stars That would be more appropriate. Read the reviews, I generally take them with a grain of salt and then get my own opinion. But wow. We had 11 people in the group. The guy came and started pouring water from bottles. Some of us asked for tap water just because. They poured it in glasses where people were not even sitting yet. The salad bar was ok. The crab legs weren't bad, and the crab meat etc. There was a lot of seafood at the salad bar which was kind of nice. Then we got to the meat portion. Each person received a tiny slice of meat, with a long wait between. We had to ASK to try all of the meats. After we got ham more than once we decided we better ask for the ones we wanted. Some of the meat was plain gross, some of it was fantastic, (only a few) and most were, "eh". Not worth the price at ALL. We had to ask multiple times for some of the meats. Discouraging. They charged us for the water bottles, which they didn't ask if we wanted. They also tried to charge us for 12 not 11. Then the waiter told us he would not split the tab as in, take more than 1 card. Umm, I know he doesn't want to split it because this is how they make sure they get 18%, but we have 5 or 6 couples, and they are not going to put 400 dollars one card. Took forever, had to get the host or someone else to help to even get the checks. Not worth a tip, not worth the attitude, oh and thank goodness the dessert was free, because it was awful.
NOT THE LEAST BIT AUTHENTIC!!!!I can't get over the reviews on this post. I'm sorry but this place should not be considered a Brazilian Restaurant by any means.  I have been to Brazil and had excellent Rodizio experiences. I have been to New York, Philadelphia and actually Charlotte and had great Rodizio experiences but this one is for the birds. Where do I start oh, the pre-buffet with Fish...oh right, they don't have that so I can't tell you how that was....The meat. Very very so-so in my Book. The best meat being that last to come out, the Picanta (sp) Flank Steak. It was the ONLY choice of meat to taste Brazilian in nature with obvious sea salt and garlic added. The chicken was very bland without ANY hit of lime or garlic. and the Ribs were also lacking in taste - usually my favorite part of this experience. I could find the taste of the grill on only about 2 choices of meats. The sausage was very dry as well. And they didn't serve any brisket or chicken hearts. Again....how is this place considered 'Brazilian'The experience Usually, Brazilian eating is like a celebration but the waiters looked hurried and one selection of meat was extreeemly rare and another was cold. I didn't want to object with my 7 guests when I was there but this place really really bothered me. At least the drinks were strong but even they were screwed up. We ordered larges and the drinks came out in a very strange fishing bowl type of glass which you couldn't even pick up. Gordon Ramsey would have a field day with this place!!!On top of that, they were playing mexican music in Spanish. Words to the wise...Brazilians speak Portuguese and they have very limited horns in their samba music. If i wanted to hear mexican music, I would go to a mexican restaurant. The name of the place is Samba....how about a little Samba music insteadOk. enough of my bitch'in....if you're familiar with any kind of Brazilian Steakhouses, this place will leave you very disappointed. If you're a tourist looking to fill up with meat and drinks - enjoy.... I'm going to try Pompas (sp) next in Planet Hollywood...hopefully, they're are better.
Gross. Everything.
Dude.  Don't waste your money.  The only thing that was really good was the salad.  So get a salad and a water if you need a snack then go somewhere else for dinner.My friend got the caprihini (sp) and couldn't drink it, he called it "firewater" lol.  The side dishes were ok.  The beans ok, the carrots too sweet, the spinach pretty good.  The bread at the beginning was good too, round little puffs with cheese in the middle and a garlicky olive oil dipping sauce.  We did ask for more plantains, I will give them that.But the meat.  Come on people, isn't this place supposed to specialize in meat  One chicken dish was good, the turkey was good, and I was the only one who cared for the soy marinated steak.  The rest... blah.  the ribs... inedible hunks of bone covered in grease and fat.  are you serious  really.  come on now.  what a waste of $40 a person!  I would much rather go to Stripburger and eat for 10 bucks or so....  Let's just say I was very disappointed...
I had high expectations of this place and was quickly disappointed.  The meat was all pretty much dry.  The pork with pineapple was the only thing that was any good.  I am not a fan by any means now.....Pros:We were seated quickly Service was fantasticCons:Dry meatOverpriced
Where do I begin.. Bland tasting meats, terrible service and over priced food. Salad was good, but it was all you can eat and they never offered a second helping. Asked the waiter (that took 10 minutes to greet us) for second helping but didn't see him again for 20 minutes. Meats were bland. They didn't even have enough salt be pepper on them and the tops had no rub or sauce on them at all. Almost walked out half way through. Don't get a alcoholic drink there bc there over priced and you probably won't get it until after your done eating. WILL NEVER GO BACKtook 10-15min to get a water refill
This is the worst Brazilian BBQ I have ever had....and I have eaten at many of the best in Brazil and Miami. The meat was poor and not authentic brazilian BBQ cuts. The sides were even worse. I love sweet, fried plantains but the ones they served were not even edible. Don't bother to eat here.
Skewers of grilled meat, normally a good thing. However Samba just doesn't pull it together. The beef is okay, but the lamb (usually a highlight at Brazilian Steakhouses was disappointing and way over done. Our server disappeared and left us without water refills here in the desert.The Caipirinhas were fine which is the only redeeming quality of the meal. To top the dinner off the servers wanted to go home and did a quick flash of the house lights to get us to go.Not up to par with the Mirage.
I ordered the $39.99 all you can eat meat; all of the meats were very dry!! The worst of the worst was the lamb, dry as hell and very gamey tasting. The worst lamb I've ever had. The acceptable items were the flank steak and the turkey wrapped in bacon, but not by much. Don't wast your time, money, or the opportunity to eat somewhere else.
This place is a definite no-go.  The steak is just bad.  In a city of great steakhouses, there is no excuse for such rubbery, bland, cheap steak.  The rest of the food is similarly disappointing.  And it's so overpriced!  Save yourself and go elsewhere, please.
id give this place no stars if i could,  the food was downright awful, the sides they give you to go along with the meats like the cream spinach, plantains, and carrots were basically not edible, we started to joke about how bad the meal was not one person in our party thought it was any good.   the meats were mostly over cooked and very bland, the one thing i enjoyed was the pineapple not the pork that came with it just the pineapple. and the flank steak when not overcooked was actually OK as for the rest just terrible i will never go to this restaurant again and would never recommend it to anyone
over-priced and gross. "medium rare" ribeye steak came out looking like the burned & dried out sole of a shoe.they get some bonus points for honesty. when i ordered a margarita, the waitress advised against it. "they're not good. our sour mix is really bad" wow. stay away from this place. there are so many better options elsewhere.also, the salad bar was more of a slop bar. all the "salad" choices were drowning in sloppy oil. and guess what THERE WAS NO LETTUCE AVAILABLE. what the f
Sorry excuse for a churrascaria. Too few servers walking aound with overcooked or undercooked meets regularly re-cooked and re-served. They always circulated from front to back and thus always ran out by the time they got to my table. Feeling guilty, they would then ungracefully hack off an overly large piece which would inevitably be burnt grizzle on the outside and bleeding raw on the inside.  Salad bar above average. Definitely not on a par with Brazilian steakhouses found elsewhere.Update: You know they are really in trouble when they've touted plans to open in Palo Alto, CA in the Fall of '07 with even the manager of the Las Vegas locale had no information and its already January with no further information forthcoming.
A carnivore's nightmare!Perhaps my tastebuds have gotten picky as I've gotten older, but this place was a downer.  I wasn't expecting imported steak or aged meats, but for a Brazilian churrascaria, I'd like some flavor (if you meats don't cut it) please.We came here the day prior to Ash Wednesday.  For all of you non-Catholics, you may be more familiar with other terms this day goes by, like "Fat Tuesday and Mardi Gras" or "Carnival."  So, prior to our 40-days of abstinence, we were expecting a real meal.This place did not deliver.  Even with the 40% discount that http:www.tix4tonight.com provided, $22 for all-you-can-eat (discounted from $36) plus $15 average drinks is not a deal at all.  Nope, I'm not kidding about $15 cocktails.  And, nope, it's not in a bigger glass.  It comes in your regular, everyday lowball.  I've clubbed in Vegas, LA, NYC, London, etc., $15 is a  total rip-off.  I would have been better off sitting on a slot machine on the casino floor with my $15 (and served a free double shot of whiskey and d.coke) and had a better time.  And, to add to the hysteria, if you opt for wine, they give you this big silly, plastic wine bottle to order off of.As we all know, every true churrascaria will pass on the chicken and all the other filler crap that they try to feed you in the beginning.  So, I could not honestly critique those items.  However, all the (should have been) good stuff (i.e. beef and lamb) was medium to done because of all the re-cooking.  This was not at all pleasing to me, as I prefer medium-rare for these meats.  The petite fillet was fair, in flavoring and in seasoning.  However, the lamb was not fresh and you could taste it.  The pork was on the dry side.  And, I could have used a little more blood on my ribeye.With that, I couldn't begin to imagine paying full price.  But if you must experience it, check out tix4tonight.com before you go.  The closest one to the restaurant is at the Hawaiian Marketplace, in front of Polo Towers.
I truly hate to be one of those downers who is writing about their bad experience, instead of the food. But after my recent experience there, I am compelled to write. Sorry for those of you who are only interested in the food. My only regret is we didn't have as good a time as we expected.More than 15 friends and I all traveled to Las Vegas to celebrate a friend's birthday on May 24. One of the places the birthday girl was excited to eat at was Pampas. She made reservations and everything was set. So we all get there and they kindly accommodate our very large party (20). Everything is going well, the food is not too bad, but before the waiter leaves, the birthday girl asks if he could separate our checks. Sure, he says. Later, she asks him again. Same response. We get our check (which totaled more than $1,000), and they tell us they can't separate the check. The birthday girl asks to speak to a manager. When it came time to confront the waiter about the whole separate checks issue, he calmly says "No, she didn't." So, when we ask the manager to rectify the matter, she says their policy is to charge 15% extra to do so if there are more than three cards being charged. That's an extra $150 just so they could charge us separately -- AFTER we asked them more than once to separate the check. Before this, there was never any mention of any charge. The manager was quite unforgiving and rude. Once we decided to simply put the whole amount on another friend's card, she nonchalantly asks, "Would you like dessert" It wasn't free, by the way.I'd just like to say thanks, Pampas staff, for ruining what would have been an otherwise pleasurable birthday celebration.We didn't even receive the redgreen stick indicating when we'd like our food. Not even 30 seconds passed from the time we sat down with our buffet plates to the time the meat came out. It gave us a feeling of being rushed -- before we were even given the chance to START eating.As for the food, it was not too shabby. The filet mignon, though, was bland and dry, even though it was quite pink in the middle. Which shouts, "I've been lying around for a while!" It definitely wasn't terrible, but not worth traveling from four different states and $1,000 just to be treated rudely. I'd suggest any of the other thousands of other places to eat in Las Vegas that truly understand what customer service is all about. Very, VERY disappointing.UPDATE: We received an apology from their corporate offices. My friend was even offered a gift certificate for her troubles.
I had experience Brazilian Bar B Q before in SF. And i know what to expect already from it. My buddy decided to go there on a Sunday night for dinner. What the hell, i said. Bring on the never ending meat and the mediocre salad pasta bar.Price : $19.99 for all you can eat salad bar             $38.99 for all you can meat  and salad bar             $54.99 for all you can eat meat, seafood and salad barFood : Filet mignon .yum, salty as always             Sirlion. Bland and salty             Pineapple and Ham. sweet and tasty on both             Pork. very flavorful and salty             To sum it up,, they have this little wood cylinder that is color coded on both end. Red means to stop all incoming food and Green is for all you can eat meat at the slowest pace on the planet. If you want all you can eat, than hit up the Wynn. Atleast you can eat the main course whenever you want.Service is slow and I would not recommed coming here for that steep price.No desert due to slow service. Oh by the way.. 4 people came out to be 166.98. for 10 lbs of salt in my body. Wow. I am glad I had the chance to walk it off. Like it really mattter.
If I could give 0 starts I would. I am brazilian and I have very high standards when it comes to Churrascarias. But this one is a JOKE!!!!!!!!!I was very excited to find a Pampas in Vegas because Pampas is a franchise from Brazil. So i thought... Yay authentic brazilian bbq Hell yeah! I went with my bf at the time and I was very excited to take him there and show him what real brazilian bbq was all about. BIG MISTAKE!The service was HORRIBLE! The waiter didn't ask us what we wanted to drink at all. we sat there for about 45 mins before anyone even came to say hi. The green and red system obviously does not work there because we were starving and anxiously waiting for the waiters carrying juicy meet only to realize that they were serving EVERYONE around us but skipping us!  (YES THE GREEN SIDE WAS UP)They don't have a good variety, the meat was hard to swallow and it was nothing like the franchises in Brazil!To top it all off, I was dissappointed with the meal but i insisted on dessert because I really wanted my passionfruit mousse! ( I miss this a lot and eat lost of it when I go to Brazil)The mousse was so sour I could not eat it without making a face! Worst mousse ever!If you are ever in Vegas, MacDonald's is a better choice than this place!
I normally love Brazilian food, but this place sucked!  You pay $40 per person and a bunch of guys walk around with meat on a skewer and cut off pieces for you.  We had our choice of I think 10 different meats.  Sadly, most of them lacked flavor and just were overly salty.  The salad bar was good however, but still not worth the hefty $40 price tag for some salad and a few pieces of meat.
Worst restaurant I have ever been to, the food is mediocre but worse service simply cannot be found anywhere else.  My party of 11 had reservations for Pampas....even so, it took them more than 45 minutes to get us our table.  Most waiters look forward to large parties - lots of potential for tips - however ours avoided us.The menu has some good offerings on it.  However, because it had taken so long to seat us and our waiter was not being attentive, most of us ordered the salad bar because we were running short on time.  Irritated that the majority of the party was not ordering the most expensive thing on the menu (keep in mind, we were a group of well dressed, well-to-do people), the waiter began collecting up rodizio plates from the table as loud as he possibly could, as if being passive-aggressive would put more time on the clock for us.  We then pointed out that he'd failed to take the meal orders from three of the people in our party, which irritated him further.  He mistakenly collected a rodizio plate from one of the party who ordered the meat rodizio (the all you can eat meat) and when the diner informed him that he shouldn't have taken the plate away, argued with the diner for 5 minutes before checking what he himself had written down for the meal order.The food at the salad bar was decent - good variety and mostly well done, and does a good job as light fare.  The people who were most disappointed were those who ordered the all-you-can-eat meat.  The menu said it was a "neverending parade of meats".  In actuality, they were not served for 20 minutes while the rest of us were eating from the bar, and neither was anybody else in the restaurant.  The manager stopped by to ask if people were getting their meats, to which we told him no, not in the past 20 minutes.  I'm guessing he chewed out the wait staff, because a slow trickle of the rotiserrie spear holding waiters slowly started making their rounds, albeit it was far from being a "neverending parade" and all of the servers appeared sour and grouchy that they were being made to work.  Most would come by, cut off one small slice, and walk off leaving my friends sitting there trying to flag them down for more.As for the meat itself  Nothing special.  Most of it was overcooked.  The bacon wrapped turkey was good, but how often is bacon-wrapped anything bad  Overall it was very disappointing for the price tag, and the people who were most satisfied were those who just got the $19 salad bar because they were either not hungry or in a rush to leave.Funnily enough, they have red and green markers to be put on the table, green to sign servers to bring more meat, red to tell them that you're full.  The diners in my party that ordered the all you can eat meat finished dinner hungry and turning the markers to red just so that we could collect our checks and continue with our night.As for the rude waiter  He was delinquent in refilling our drink orders (and 11 people on their way to a club can order a lot of drinks) to the point that on more than one occasion members of my party walked to the bar to order drinks.  When we asked him to split our checks, he became visibly irritated with us.....lets see, a group of 11 people, four couples and some single guys, why would separate checks with the mandatory gratuity added NOT make sense  Not many 28-30 year olds pay for 10 friends to eat at an expensive restaurant like this...  The waiter then went around the table and argued with every one of us about our drink orders (which wasn't much thanks to him being AWOL).  15 minutes later, he tosses down the drink bill and basically said he made no effort to try to break it up.In the end, the one thing our waiter did right was not add gratuity to both the food bill and the drink bill.  Everybody in my party of 11 gave him exactly what he earned and deserved for his tip: $0.00 .If you're looking for all you can eat and quality, go to the buffet at the MGM Grand or the Aria.  If you're looking for bad service, go to Dick's Last Resort - their bad service is at least entertaining and their prices are more reasonable (and quality of food is sadly comparable).  There is no reason for anybody to ever eat at Pampas.
This is NOT Fogo de Chao! Nor is it Texas De Brazil, or whatever nice Brazilian churrascuria you're expecting.  My girlfriend has never been to but I've been to several, and I was excited to take her to one. It was not a good first experience for her. The service was horrible, we waited far too long for our reservations, and the meat was low quality and poorly cooked. So very disappointing.
Service was slow, took 15 min to get water, lemon in water was slimy. The Salmon Tempura was greasy, the zuchinni tempuraa was greasy and too long, should have been better presented. The ceasar Salad was NOT a real Ceasar salad, Salad was wilted, and way too peppery. Waitress only came to fill our water after our meal was complete. We were going to order the Brazillian experiance (meat carved  table) but after watching waitstaff wonder inout of perimeters of tables into walking paths of shoppers in Planet Holleywood where this restuarant is, we passed. We have eaten at the Brazillian grille in henderson and found it amazing. Music, food, clean, etc.. Went home after this meal very ill, and will never eat there again. It was the only food I ate in over 15 hours so It was the food that made me feel aweful.
We at here last summer and were rather concerned at how empty the place was.  We should have taken heed and gone elsewhere.  The wait staff largely ignored us and it took forever to get our food.  When it did arrive it was a very small portion and was dry and unappealing.  I had lamb sliders and there was certainly nothing slider about them except the size.  The meat was dry and tough on a hard roll.  We had ordered a side of the little tapioca rolls for an appetizer as we have had them before and loved them.  This time they finally came with the meal after we asked about them a couple of times and were doughy.  I really think they are using the leftovers from the Samba Brazilian grill upstairs for the meat and serving the people upstairs first as far as the rolls go. We were also dissapointed in the patio.  It looked run down and shoddy.We will not go back!!
Really people My rating's as low as it can go to offset all the people raving about this place.The salad bar is... pretty good. As for the meat There was only one cut of meat that I loved. All the rest were mediocre at best (and some were just tough. and chewy. and my jaw hurts thinking about it. oww). I mean, I feel like I could've done better... and last time I checked, I wasn't a cook by any stretch of imagination.I'm a fatty so I'm allllllll for all-you-can-eat meat but you won't see me ever going back to Samba. Not even if someone else is paying. I'd much rather get a steak at Tornado Room or Magnus. Hell, I'd rather have a Big Mac from McDonald's. At least with Mickey D's, I know I'm getting what I paid for. I used to be a vegetarian for years but after a semester in Madrid, haven't looked back. However, if Samba had been my reintroduction to meat, I would've stayed a vegetarian. Ok. That's all. Bye.
I attended an event here and was not really happy with the experience. When I heard we were going to a Brazilian place all I could envision was Fogo de Chao.  This place was not that. When we arrived all of the tables were taken and there were like 100 people waiting in line for food.  Not a good sign for hungry people. We decided to hunt for a place to sit.  We ended up on the top floor with a group of friends.  The company was great but we all did not want to wait in that long line.  So we camped out drinking wine and beer (no line at The bar)!!!Samba had a table up here with cheese, olives and nuts.  I hate to say that this might have been the best thing here. After an hour we finally got in the food line and it still took 20 minutes.  We then realized that the people in front of us were on there second round of food.  So annoying because there were so many people who had not eaten yet.  The restaurant should have had a system in place to handle 350 people but it didn't. Maybe this was there first event here. They need some organization, if they ever do something like this again. Once we got to the front to start getting our food the plates ran out. Nobody was there to help us or get more plates.  In fact, I got out of line went up towards the salad bar and grabbed a giant stack for everyone.  I had to stock the plates. ReallySo with plate in hand there were three choices of meat...two red meat and one pork. The pork was dry but had potential. One red meat was full of fat and I couldn't even cut it with the knife provided. I would have told you what the meats were but when I asked they guy cutting it he didn't even seem to know.  That's not good!!Salad bar items were okay. A few dishes were completely empty. Again no one from the staff was there keeping an eye on this. Empanadas were dry and lacking meat...it was more dough then anything.  Also the yummy Brazilian little cheese buns you find at other Brazilian restaurants were here.  The only difference these were just completely terrible. I had no idea they could taste that bad...usually I can't stop eating these but I didn't have that problem here. The best thing on the salad bar were the rice balls.  Wow these were really good...a nice Sicilian dish made perfectly at a Brazilian place. Very confusing to me but glad something besides the cheese and olives that was good. Bartenders were nice but I had to waitTwice for a Spotted Cow (draft beer) while issues with the keg were sorted out. That was not fun. Now I have no idea how this place is when you actually order off the menu but as a banquet location it was completely terrible.  I blame the management for not being more organized and actually treating the large party with the respect of an individual table. They were probably at the bank cashing the check (allegedly)!!!I would not want to attend an event here ever and probably would not want to come back as an individual.  I was completely let down with Samba!!!
I was so unbelievably disappointed in this place. A group of girls and I were going out for a girls night a few weeks before my wedding. My aunt called weeks in advance for reservations & a special table. When we arrived we were seated in a private room with a childs baptism party. Really, seriously poor match. It took forever for our food, they skipped us on multiple occasions and then tried to skimp on portions. We had to ask for more. we kept being hushed & we weren't even being loud!!! The service was terrible and the place is over priced!!! It's a nice change of pace but way over rated. Good thing my guests were super cool bc samba blew it!
Not a great experience and an expensive disappointment !!!!The meat was mediocre at best and mostly cold by the time it got to our table on the rare occasion it did get to our table.the servers with the meat only give you a couple of bites worth then do not come back for another 10-15 minutes later.Some of the meat items came only once and never again. The flank steak (very tough) was the one coming back the most (3 times).We had to ask and wait for some of the items on the salad bar.there was no background music at all; the experience was very lousy.In summary, if you have very low expectations you may like this place, although for the money $35person I consider this to be an expensive disappointment !!!I will not go back and I will make sure to till my friends to go somewhere else...
This was a terrible experience. We arrived 45 minutes early for a 7:15 reservation. It was packed. My wife waited in line for 10-15 minutes just to check in. She got to the front and was told our name wasn't 'in the system'. My wife brought out her cell phone and offered to show her the reservation. The woman refused to even look at it. The woman was rude and dismissive. She said we could come back at 9:30. Like I'm going to wait nearly three hours to eat dinner (I also had my 12 year old son with us). Absolute, complete joke! No apology, no attempt to try and rectify the situation. Never again for this place.
After visiting Sabor in Milwaukee and loving the Brazillian dining experience we decided to try out Samba on our trip to Madison after getting a Groupon offer, and I'm glad we had a coupon because our visit was plain disappointing. A few of the positive aspects: -Grilled pineapple w cinnamon sugar was amazing, when it cam around. -We arrived early for our reservation and they were willing to accommodate us and find us a table.-Salad bar was pretty good, the stew was awesome.-The sausage was very good and flavorful. Now on to the bad parts:-Meat was mediocre at best. Most of it was way over done and tough. We usually like our steak Medium Rare or Medium so this was a disappointment.  We did have a few pieces that were done properly and then they were very tasty, but that was few and far between. -When they cam around with the meat there usually wasn't a lot left on the skewer and they would give you enough for 1 or 2 bites then we wouldn't see anyone again for 10-15 minutes. One of the cuts I received was 80% fat. -The majority of the meat we received was lukewarm at best. When we got there we were seated on a table by the wall. The waitress came by to get our drink order and we were told that she would bring our bread and have the pineapple come around in a little bit. I don't think we saw anything for at least 10 minutes. There was a table of 10 people or so across from us and the guys with the meat would go by them first and they would either be out of meat by then or just leave without acknowledging us. This was very frustrating.  When we did get someone to stop by the table they only gave us a bite or two worth of meat (probably becuase they were usually almost out of meat) and sometimes would not even ask me if I wanted any after they asked my boyfriend.  So probably about half the time they gave him meat and then just walked away.  We will not be coming back to give Samba another chance. If you're going to be in the Milwaukee area and are looking for a great Brazilian Grill experience, check out Sabor. We've been there 5 times and walked away completely satisfied each time.
Food was terrible, but the candles were real, not those electronic ones. That was cool. Music was in Spanish, not Portuguese.
Don't Bother!Having been to a variety of Brazilian steakhouses this was pretty disappointing.  The selection of meats was not as great as most places I have been to which would have been reasonable had they not all tasted bad.  I have been to restaurants similar to this at slow times but this was not a slow time, or shouldn't have been.  Beyond the meat, I am traditionally not much of a salad person but very much look forward to the salad bar when I go to Texas de Brazil because it is very high quality and has an expansive selection.  The salad bar here was mediocre at best, considering we are in Wisconsin I was pretty disappointed to see a cheese selection that looked like it was straight off a party platter picked up at the local grocery store on clearance.I am fairly new to the area and in the past would frequent Brazilian steakhouses about once a month.  From now on it will have to be a special occasion when I am traveling because I will not be returning.
As a brazilian i did not like tis restaurant. This not near a good churrascaria like brasa or fogo de chao and the maitree was very mean with me and my friends. The sides are poor, not even a black beans was served. The waitress forgot our table many times. The music volume was too high, we asked to move our table because we were on the direction of the aound box and the meat was good. But not anything special and i did not try all of them because the people keep forgettin where we were sitted. The only thing good on this restaurant was the guys that cut the meat for me. If you expect to have a real churrascaria experience, do not go to this restaurant. Try the other brasilian restaurants on montreal.
I went there last night with my Brazilian husband, we weren't impressed.  The former owners must have sold the place, because there were no Brazilians working in the restaurant, and it is now connected to an Indian restaurant.  As for the food, the meat was very fatty and we both felt sick as if it had been treated with tons of meat tenderizer.  All in all it was not a good meal and the atmosphere was lacking as well.  Yuck!
We only decided on Brazas instead of Chima because we got a deal from Groupon. We thought this would be a good way to try a Brazilian Restaurant with some savings. We would have been much better off going to an upscale steakhouse. This was complete buyer's remorse. We hoped for an experience but there was none, at all. The server was weird, kind of off putting. The girls who filled our glasses and picked up our dishes were nicer. They came with meat often and it was kind of annoying because we could barely have a conversation or get up to go to the bar. It is not like there was anything on the bar though, the salad was awful, I didn't even have any. The best food I ate the whole night came from the Indian bar, which was sad because that whole side was empty. The sangria was not good. The meat was fatty. The only thing everyone loved a lot was the grilled pineapple, which I was still not impressed by. For the price I think there should have been some dessert on the bar which may have salvaged the night. Everyone there had a groupon, and I don't think anyone there will go back. We were hoping to at least get an experience, but was extremely disappointed .
This is a letter I wrote and sent to their manager. AVOID this place, go to Chima! I have to give a star to review it, unfortunately I can not give negative stars!I visited your restaurant on Saturday, Jan. 29 with 11 of my friends and family. Most of the members of our group wanted to try something different so we decided to go to your establishment. What a mistake!When we first sat at our table our waiter, Clinton (we found this out when we paid), never greeted us like most servers do when you go to every restaurant. Instead of greeting us he just lit the candles and acted like he would have rather been any where else than there. After the lighting of the candles, instead of asking if we have more coming since we had empty chairs, he just starts the explanation of the dinner. Still without a welcome to Brazas or Hello, he was just a total ass. Maybe the reason he was such an ass is that he already had the gratuity since our party was 8 or more and he thought why even bother. After dinner while some of the people are cleaning off the table, one the members of our group asked if there were any desserts without any acknowledgment from Clinton. After this Clinton came back to the table, another member of our group asked about dessert since we didn't get an answer the first time and we finally got some acknowledgment. Clinton basically told us to hold on a minute instead of just answering the question, by the way it was not busy. What kind of server does this After all of this it wasn't over yet. So we finally get our tab without being asked if we need it split or anything, which usually when there are 10-15 people at a table there is a good chance it will be separate checks. Now we have to walk up to the computer to separate our checks, oh not Clinton, WE all go up to the computer. On the way to walk up there, "good ol' Clinton" tries to sneak by one of our party members and almost runs her over. This asshole could have just open the other door, but instead tries to squeeze by her. Then luckily for us, our night is still not over because we get the pleasure of having to wait on Clinton to separate our tickets and unfortunately we could not take off the gratuity that he did not earn a cent of it. The other servers did earn their gratuity though.One of the other complaints we had was the Indian buffet NEVER got replenished. We asked twice for more food, and after an hour and a half still nothing.I have previously went to Chimas, downtown Charlotte, and i expected a similar experience since the restaurant concept is similar. That did not happen! I will never step foot in your restaurant again and neither will any of my friends, who may have been there or not. This is the WORST experience I have ever had dinning out. I will gladly go to Chimas or anywhere else other than your establishment, and I would pay double to have a better experience.DO NOT bother in sending me any coupons or gift certificates to your establishment because there is now way in HELL I will step foot in that place again. When my group goes out we just want to have an enjoyable time and this was a total and complete FAILURE!Thank you for being the worst dining experience ever!Josh Green
I was one of the party of 11 that went with another reviewer. I agree whole heartedly with the experience related by him. Rude waiter (clinton as noted in other reviews) SLOW service. I think they had 2 guys getting meat at a time. 5-10 minutes between skewers of which they would give a slice in the same amount as a slice of ham from a package for sandwiches in a grocery store. A slice from that package. Seriously, we got some alligator (after requesting it) and the size was like popcorn chicken from KFC, and I got 2 pieces.  For a 400+ plus bill, this was a very bad experience. Only thing good that night was the garlic beef and the bar (yesterdays, next door, not related to this place)  that saved the night for our group.
Went there last Friday .. Sing said move downstairs .It is no longer the same super fantastic restaurant..The afternoon special no longer, the good beef noodle from the previous owner no longer serve replaced by thin Japanese ramen just awful.The pan fried buns were just passed. Missed the old 'Three Villages 'It was a fantastic restaurant.. The new place just not worth the trip.
Sadly, I think 3 Villages is no more!Went last night craving soup dumplings - and there is a sign on the door saying the restaurant has moved downstairs...but it is NOT 3 Villages. It is called "1900" - very different menu. "The Guy" was nowhere in sight. I asked the waitress, "Why did you move" and she answered "I don't know - maybe they had some disagreement" which I took to mean that the people running 1900 are not the 3 Villages people.As for the food, ehhhh...most of what we asked for was not actually available, and the few things we got - beef roll, xuxi smoked fish, and shanghai noodles were just OK. I mourn the soup dumplings!
Food is still good, maybe even better. The service is still the same, actually even worst. I still give the food 4 to 5 stars but service is negative 4 to 5 stars.
Lovely decor. Good attempt, but honestly every thing was bland or way too salty! Ugh!  Prices are horrendous for the amount I food that you get. So skimpy. The food:-sweet and sour spare ribs. Seriously where were the meat in this All you got was bone and fat...and the sauce was way too vinegary. -fried yellow fish: mini pan fried fishes... crispy yes, salty yes...way too salty. Any other flavors that redeemed the dish NO, not at all. For like $12 you got 6 pieces of fish.. really not worth it-stir fried veggies assortment: There were celery, carrots, bamboo sprouts, button mushrooms, and this one root vegetable. This was good..but you really can't mess up a stir fry. Nothing spectacular though. Definitely some I can recreate for a lot less at home.-Stir Fry noodles: Specialty! according to the staff.. umm yea no. Basically thick udon noodles cooked with cabbage and dressed with LOTS of soy sauce.. common people-pan friend veggie rice cake: This dish was good. Lots of shanghainese food includes some assortment of rice cakes.. This was actually good, that is until we found a big long piece of hair in it. YEA....All in all the experience was quite horrible. Upon telling the waitress that we found hair in our food she just stood there looking confused. Took our credit card and said nothing else... REALLY No apologies nothing Give me a break. My mother was so furious that she didn't even want to stay to complain. We just walked out.Really would NEVER visit this place again. The funny thing is upon us leaving the restaurant another party was complaining about how bad their experience were as well. Apparently they were served RAW pork and chicken. That is a big no no no no. Also, they received very bad service and had to get up and ask just to have their tea kettle refilled with water. I give them props for having such a nice decor and making their menu look very appetizing, but really, this place is a disgrace to Shanghai style food. I would not recommend it to anyone.Honestly too, i never give out one stars..but this time with the poor service...they definitely deserve it.
For the smelling fish we ordered, I will give a none star for this dish and the owner who huddled our complain. If you want to try " sweet and sour fish" give a second thought , I doubt the fish is fresh as the owner said.
Came here with a few friends for dinner and we ordered a lot of food. I'm a big fan of soup dumplings, but the ones here definitely was not worth it. It was really dry and the point of the dumplings were to be filled with juice. We also ordered the sweet and spicy fish (I think that's what its called) and it was extremely fishy tasting. I'm Chinese and I eat a lot fish so I know the difference between good fish compared to bad and this was the most HORRIBLE fish we have ever tasted. We took a bite of it and almost puked our brains it. The service was decent, but the owner was very nonchalant to our complain about their fish not being fresh.
So we went to Bund Shanghai for lunch this afternoon...... The vegetarian dumplings, crispy pork buns and xiao long bao were fairly decent, but nothing to write home about. Then our last dish comes out and that was the "Shanghai Crispy Noodles." We mix it together, get a small portion to just try it and I find a F*CKING EYELASH in my noodles!!!!!!!! We immediately stop eating, ask for the plates to be taken away and for the check.. They bring the check WITH THE NOODLES STILL ON THE CHECK!!! I ask my friend to tell them to take that off since we didn't eat it and the cashier starting acting up!!! Throwing the check to her coworker and slamming it around. She then told my friend she didn't know what was on the plate and that it wasn't "long enough" to be a hair.............. Without losing my mind, we got it taken off, paid our bill for what we did eat and got out.. DO NOT BOTHER EATING HERE!!!!! THE SERVICE HERE IS BY FAR THE MOST ABSOLUTELY FOULHORRIDROTTEN SERVICE I HAVE EVER EXPERIENCED IN MY LIFE AND WE WILL DEFINITELY NEVER RETURN!!!!
Soup dumplings xlb without soup! Nuff said. Go to 1900 Asian Cuisine down the street on 5115 Spring Mountain Rd.
Terrible terrible service. Even with all the asian restaurants standard, I have not seen a worst customer service until today. We feel cheated by this place. Really it is the manager, the servers are sweet and even they say that they couldn't do much, that's just her. As someone who has worked at a restaurant before, this place does not deserve your time and money. What happened was: We called in 2 days ago with our special order ( Peking duck and chicken soup). We got here at 6pm as per our reservation, waited for 2 hours and finally our Peking duck finally came... Cold! Did they just got a To go order from another store or what It doesn't make any sense. Oh and mind you, with the 2day ahead order, 2 hour wait... This duck has a steep price of $58! And what was supposed to be hot and crispy duck pieces were cold like salad toppings!The chicken soup too, taste like "dish water" according to my mother. And I agree. I am no chef but I can certainly do better than that.We then politely spoke to the manager, she straight up said that she didn't see anything wrong with any of our orders. We feel terrible for the servers, to have to work for a manager like this woman. As customers, we will laugh at the thought of returning back here. Consider yourself warned!
On the account of my friend's recommendation we visited this restaurant today, Dec.27,14 on a Saturday evening. We missed our old buddy Restaurant, 1900 on Spring Mountain Rd which was closed and decided to venture out for a new Shanghainese restaurant. There are 6 of us, 4 adults are all familiar with Shanghainese food like XLB, drunken chicken etc..We are not looking for the delicious Shanghainese cuisine in Shanghai or Taipei, we just want to have a decent meal of Shanghai style.I was quite impressed by the ambience and all the elaborate and appetising pictures on the manual, but unfortunately that were all they are good at.The XLB has strong porky odor to it and there was no soup inside the wrapping. All the cold appetizers like jelly fish, drunk chicken, 3-yellow chicken, bean with Tofu paper are completely different in their look compared to that of the pictures, they must have been in the fridge for days. The chicken were chewy, not tender as one would expect. The jelly fish was very salty.Of the 4 entries, the fish belly in soy sauce was barely deserve a passing score. But it was not belly at all, it was entire fish without the head. All the others were just put together by an amateurish hands. Shanghainese food are known for their harmonious blending of the soy sauce, wine,oil,sugar together with various food content in hot temperature the bring out distinctive flavor and taste, here in our mouths they are completely disintegrated, let alone taste good.The service was slow and disorganized. One can easily notice the short staff help. And I wondered what might happen in the kitchen. The last dish, the eggplant stew was waited for 15 min after we finished all the food before it appeared on our table. Waiting for the bill to be calculated was another 15 min wait.All the glasswares pile up on their bar table to be distributed for take out or for serving drinks. That table is supposed for sitting and for show since they do have liquor licence. The bathroom ran out of soap liquid and the hand dryer broke...I hope they just had a bad day with the chief chef on leave and we just happened to be there on the occasion. I sincerely hope they can improve in the future.
I usually never ever write reviews, but I had to share my horrible experience. To start, the service was horrible. There was only one girl servicing 20+ people during dinner hours. I got there with 3 people and seated myself. I sat at the table 10 mins. The table did not have any silverware and I had to go grab it myself. When she came over, we asked if she was by herself and she said yea. For dinner, I ordered the black pepper beef, black pepper egg plant, and the dumplings. The dumplings was pretty good. I give it a 45. The egg plant was very oily. Not bad taste wise, but it was very oily. I give it a 25. Lastly, the beef was HORRIBLE. When I bit into the beef, the texture was something I've never experienced before. I don't even know how explain it because it was so weird. There was so much fat on the beef as well. Oh yah, when we asked for rice, they said they charged for rice by the bowl. I was shocked. You call yourself a Chinese restaurant and charge for rice Speechless. Lastly, once the food was brought out, we never saw our waitress again. I had to get the soy sauce, chili, and vinegar from the table that had just finished dining. I also never got my water and hot tea refill. At this point I know that we will never get the bill so  we had to go to up to the cash register to get our own bill. Just an overall miserable experience from the service to the food. I don't know how long this place will last.
It's was ok
As a foodie who has been to numerous different restaurants all over Vegas, I must say that I have never experience a more horrible experience dining at a restaurant than 1900. This restaurant has the worst service ever! We went there on a slow Tuesday night. We ordered 5 different plates and with each plate coming out 15 minutes apart from each other to our table. The waitress never once even refilled our water as we had to go up to the counter to ask them to fill it up twice. When it was time to pay, we asked our server for the check and she never returned. Finally fed up with the service, I took it upon myself to pay at the counter where the lady at the counter just totally ignored me and made me wait while she talked to a co worker.If 1900 could fix their service, this would be a great restaurant because the food was actually pretty good. You just simply cannot run a restaurant and just have good food and not care about your customers one bit.
AWFUL, and we didn't even stay to eat.. Had a Groupon,walked in no one greeted us or came by to seat us. I walked to the back and asked "Do I set myself" she said ya just sit. Most tables were dirty so we picked one that looked clean. After we sat down we asked the waitress if she could clean the table as it was all sticky,She apologized and said they were busy. NOTE there were three other tables sat at that time. I told the waitress we had a Groupon ,she said" We don't take those anymore" I asked her why not she said let me check. A different person came over to us and said ya Ill take it but you cant order from that menu, She took away the menus we were looking at and replaced them with one much smaller. The menu we were suppose to order from had two choices for appetizers and two choices for soups. Very limited. A few minutes later the waitress came back with the larger menu opened to the app page and said you can order any of these( there were seven options) she then proceeded to say except this this this and this. Out of the seven apps we could order, three were available. There was not a beef or chicken option in the bunch. She then told us that one of us could order the shrimp fried rice. I pointed out that the Groupon said we could both order it,she said no.After looking at my companion we made the decision not to stay. No one was friendly and no one cared if we stayed or left.. With about  90 Asian restaurants in a half mile area I'm pretty sure we could find another place to eat that would appreciate our money.
Terrible service.  Amateur servers.  People were complaining for the slowness..  This restaurant will not last!
We used to go to Three Village which is upstairs in the same shopping center. 1900 Chinese Cuisine moved downstairs and changed it's name to 1900.  We placed our order even though we were told that most of the dumplings and bao's that we wanted they did not have.  We did notice that a large table of 10 people were being served everything that we had wanted.  We proceeded to wait and wait and wait.  After 20 minutes with absolutely no attention from the waitress my husband asked her about our order and she said it was coming out.  After 10 more minutes we just got up and left.  The service was beyond dreadful.  Of course we will never go back.  This was a terrible experience and there was no reason for being treated this way!!Nancy PG
Pass. Sadly, I wanted to eat here with a co-worker and convinced him that this place would be a better choice of dinner than Monta Ramen. Boy, was I stupid!Came at 9:30 and only a table of 5 ppl were there. Waitress gave us tea and a menu. While we looked over the menu, I saw friends outside the restaurant and talked to them for 10-15 minutes. I figured my co-worker had ordered so, I ran back inside to tell him my order and he said: "they never came back!"So, we sat there for another 10 minutes looking at the other table get food and drinks and chat up the waitress. LIKE, REALLLYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!We walked out. That was ridiculous.Almost felt like they didn't help us because we weren't "friends" with the waitress or something. If they want to stay open, they better serve everyone the same way or we'll find other places to eat.....and -trust- that there's lots of places to eat on Spring Mountain.
Dont order the porkbelly!unless you like raw shit! Food is terrible !! Service is even worse
A few of my friends and I decided to check this new place out a few months ago, service was ok and the food was good. I'm not the one to leave a bad review but recently we returned and it's as if the place took a complete turn around! Upon entry the service was terrible, you could only imagine how the rest of it went. After 30mins and asking 5 times we finally received our waters (straight from the sink). Most of what we ordered seemed like its been reheated.  Wouldn't recommend coming here late night. Staff doesn't give 100% service
The service is poor, and the food isn't great, I walked in to order something to go, the server was busy so he told me to wait for a bit . I literally waited 20 mins But he still wasn't able to take my order, he told me to continue waiting, I wasted 20mins there to wait for ordering my food, end up I walked out of this place with nothing, the server didn't even apologize,I will never return to this place.
This place is just opening....There's still some work going on. I tried to pay with my debit card, but they weren't equipped to handle that.... Good thing I had cash.  I had beef w broccoli....Very, very tasteless. I can't overstate that. Broccoli was like it was steamed and not cooked with the beef. The sauce was watery and had no flavor. The beef was tough, undercooked, and had no flavor. I'm hoping their food will get better once they settle in. There were no carrots, onions, etc., just broccoli and beef with steamed white rice. I wasn't happy with my meal. The soup was tasty.....But not enough to save this meal.
Sigh...I was really excited to have found another Shanghai style restaurant, but I was deeply disappointed. Food was terrible. Panda Express tasted better than this. I can't believe the owners had the courage to get in the restaurant business with skills this poor. I can't recommend. Don't waste your money here.
Food poisoning. Ate there last night and have been to the bathroom 20+ times since. I feel like garbage. Will not be eating here again.
I found this place on Google for Chinese Food delivery. It's only a few miles down the road from me. I called and ordered three things. Two lunch specials and bbq spare ribs appetizer. I was told It would be admit thirty minutes. An hour goes by, I call and ask where the food was. Lady assured me driver was out and delivering. Almost two hours later I called again because no one had shown up. I had to argue with the woman to cancel my order and refund my money. She wanted to give me free food for next order. Like i would order from here again She finally agreed to refund my money. Literally thirty seconds after we had hung up, the driver arrived. I told him I cancelled because he was two hours late and to leave. He assured me the food was hot. Yeah right. I closed the door and heard him screaming outside of my house into his phone. NEVER ORDER DELIVERY HERE.
After reading these reviews I was sadly disappointed. The fact that no Asians were eating there when I was should have been a clue.  The food was absolutely the worst excuse for Chinese I have ever had the displeasure of not being able to finish. I suppose there are trade offs. The old Jade House had great food but terrible service. This place has terrible everything. I give them 6 months max and they will be done unless they hire a new kitchen staff.
I was visiting my grandmother and she needed to see someone, because she was having difficulties breathing due to allergies. I found the place on YELP.Info here said they were open until 5:30. We arrived at 4:45. The receptionist was curt, said to wait a moment, when I asked if we'd come in the correct door. We sat down, waited. When the receptionist decided to deal with us (only one other person in waiting room), she said they were closed, but would go check with the doctorS. 5 minutes later comes back, ignores us, goes to phone, then when she gets to us, it's almost 5:00. She says they're closed. Doesn't even try to help and doesn't tell us that there's an ER around the corner, which turns out to be wonderful, but we found it on our own.I would give zero stars, if I could, so we'll say the one star is for the setting, which is deceptively beautiful.
HORRIBLE NON-HEALTHCARE OFFICE TEAM INCLUDING THE HEAD OFFICE MANAGER AND LEAD RECEPTIONISTHorrible office management team.Shut their phones off earlier than closing hours.Nearly impossible for you to get your referral done on time without calling every day to make sure they do their job only to get to leave a message for a office manager that does not return any calls.Office staff is very uneducated when it comes to the new United healthcare system.Cathy the lead receptionist has a nasty attitude from out of this world and mean mugs very rudely give her the opportunity like I mistakenly did and she will call you a lier in front of other patients making a big scene when proving later that she was indeed wrong the whole time there was not even so much as a little apology given I have been treated better and with more respect at D.E.S. then with this office receptionist team and managers.Why am I still here I'm sure your wondering The answer is because Doctor Chettri his nurses and Doctor Brown only in that office are wonderful people and do they're absolute best given the circumstances and I will do my best to follow them wherever they practice even though everytime I walk in this front office the staff makes me feel like I'm going to have a heart attack or stroke..:( DO NOT EXPERIENCE THIS FACILITY UNLESS YOU TRULY HAVE THE PATIENCE FOR IT...Only Speaking With About Three And A Half Years Experience Dealing With Them Contact if inquiring more information..
STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE.  Based on my prior experience at the Flamingo location, the owner contacted me through Yelp.  So today I gave this place another chance.  I didn't want to have a second bad experience at his other location but I did.   I won't give them a third try.  I called and asked the price on a specific product.  When I arrived at the store to pick up the product the marked price was different.  The employee initially said he would work with me on the price.  So not the case.  I said look,  I called and drove over here based on the price you told me on the phone like 20 minutes ago and the additional discount that accompanies it for being in the computer system.  Bottom line, they would not honor a price that he quoted and there was no confusion that I had called because he remembered talking to me on the phone.  It may have only been a couple dollars but own up to your mistakes.  It's not my fault you didn't physically check the price before quoting it.  I will never frequent this store again and would advise all others to avoid it also.  If you are looking for low price supps and better customer service look elsewhere.
I used Dr Jim Campbell for 6 years.  During that time he treated 6 other friends and or family members.  Every year I used all my beneifts with my insurance for care and then paid out of pocket for the remaining care for the year. ($$$thousands$$$) Today he sued me for a fictious $40.00 balance.  I even have a Gift Certificate for $20.00 for my last referal, which his office manager refused to apply to this ficticious balance.  I appeared in small claims court and it was dismissed.  When I tried to discuss the rudeness of his office manager  a year ago with the Dr. he did nothing about it.  Our health care is a mess anyway, but to realize that this doctor spent court filling fees, cost for a  licensed attorney and our Judicial systems time over a fictious $40.00 bill.  If I  hadnt appeared in court the judgement would have been in his favor for over $500.00.   Be careful if you still decide to use him.  I wouldnt recommend it.
I came all the way down there to use a groupon and you refused to take it via my phone.  Shame on you for not honoring it.  GROUPON USERS BEWARE.
I WAS going to give this place a 4 star review...until an unfortunate incident recently.  I shop at this store from time to time - they have a small selection of naturalorganic snack foods and I love that they have a little deli as well (which I haven't had the chance to try).  Trader Joe's and Sprouts have a better selection, but this place is close to my place and I like to support local business.I'm perusing the aisles after the gym one afternoon, texting on my phone, and generally, minding my own business.  I picked up just 2 or 3 things - some kale, some sort of delicious gluten-free snack, etc - and I headed to the check out line.  As I'm checking out, an older employee says to me:Old, rude man: "Did you put something in your purse"  Me: *Looks around, confused* "Umm, I'm sorry, what"Old, rude man: "I think I saw you put something from the shelf into your purse."  Me: *Kind of laughs, offended, but more awkward* No.  Definitely not.Old, rude man with no social skills: "Can I take a look"Me: *in disbelief* "Yeah - go right ahead."  *opens purse, shuffles through it for him to see*Old, rude man:  "Oh.  Ok."End scene.Look, I get that you're protecting your store - so, if you think you saw me steal something, kudos to you for asking.  However, when you realize that I did NOT, in fact, steal anything, and that you just accused a paying customer or shoplifting, that would be the appropriate time to apologize to said customer...but as I stood there waiting, mouth agape, I realized there would be no apology forthcoming.Now, I wasn't embarrassed, because well, I'm me....but most people would be mortified.  The fact that he didn't apologize or even acknowledge that he mistakenly accused me of theft is extremely off-putting.  The checker girl didn't say anything either.  It was all a bit odd.  It was so odd in fact, that when I got to my car, I double checked my purse just to make sure nothing had accidentally fallen in!!  (Nothing had.)Sad about this review - I really liked that store.
This place was the biggest disappointment.. After reading a bunch of great yelp reviews my partner and I decided to check it out. We went and wanted to order the pizza but were unable to get that because my partner is allergic to the coconut in the cheese they use. We ended up getting a wrap with faux chicken which was good but nothing great. An older man was taking our order and during this time he was being really rude to us. Whenever we would ask what was in the food he'd get frustrated. Terrible, terrible service.I would never go back here.
My boyfriend and I recently stopped in just to check out the selection after being caught by the name "raw health".  I have been around natural health professionals my entire life. So being intrigued by the name and sign near the door stating it was also a spiritual center we walk in with smiles on our face expecting to be greeted by one of our own (kind people) instead there was a guy lounging and texting sending a really negative vibe out from the moment we walked in. He asked if we were looking for anything when I said I was just going to browse he went back to his phone and ignored us. My bf picked up a bottle of something he was interested in and asked if there were any smaller packages since another herb of the same brand Was found in a smaller one. He seemed really annoyed by the question and said "those are samples, you just want something free What's there is there" after asking the price on the large bottle after looking all over for it he rudely said it was on the bottom of the bottle. Which it wasn't, but even if it had been anyone who works in customer service knows to never tell a customer to find something themselves. He was clearly no one I would want to take spiritual or health advise from. Nor would I want to support someone who claims to be a healer but radiates negativity. I'm assuming he was the owner but if he wasn't he should be fired.
I googled stores in Las Vegas to see who carries Quest bars and was happy to see that Raw Health carried them as I live one mile away. My happiness was short lived and here is why. I walked into the store to buy a few boxes of them and the owner (I met him before so I know who he is) was arguing with a bill collector over a $26.00 charge that was added to his bill. He then proceeded to look up at me and asked if there was anything he could do for me. I appreciated the question, but his tone was clearly belittling me. I decided to ask him my question anyway and the look that he gave me was that of a serial killer who wanted to kill. And to think all I did was ask him the amount of a few $30.00 boxes of protein bars. I would hate to know what would happen if I asked him about anything of substance. So much for supporting small business!
I have to say that I am surprised by the positive reviews here, but I should also disclose that I don't lead the kind of lifestyle that I think makes up this business's target audience.  With that said, I went into this store about a month and a half ago because I needed some specific supplements.  It's a small space, but there's a lot of product, so I asked the guy who worked there where I could find what I was looking for.  From that point he was condescending and pushy piling things in my arms.  I took it all to the counter and couldn't believe how expensive it all was, but just paid for it to avoid interacting with him anymore.  I drove away feeling that I had been bullied.  When I got home I spent more time looking at the products, reading the provided information, and comparing it to what my doctor had recommended only to find that most of it did not meet my needs. They were too expensive to not return, but I really didn't want to go back for another interaction. I almost asked my husband to go return it for me, but I sucked it up and went in myself.  It wasn't as bad as I was anticipating.  I feel a little silly writing all of this, because I am not really a passive, delicate type, but I think it speaks to the nature of that guy.  If you run a shop like this, you should have the heart of a teacher and be inclusive, not condescending and shaming.
The restaurant had only Pepsi, house wine and corona to drink. My dad asked for Soda Water. They offered Pepsi... yikes. The water was served in tiny glasses. The salad was drenched in cheap tasting Kraft italian dressing. We sent it back. Then it was drenched in some strange overly zesty (probably Kraft) avocado dressing. We sent that back and finally they just threw a bag of leaves on a plate. No tomato, no cucumber. Very bitter. My Dad wanted to send it back again, but my Mom was too embarrassed to.The ratatouille that my mom ordered was just green peppers. Normally there are more vegetables in such a dish. The saving grace was the owner played violin with piano and that was nice. But I wouldn't recommend this restaurant, even though our waiter was very friendly (although he didn't know the menu well.)
Beware, this store does not allow returns or exchanges on their costumes. All purchases are final, even if you get it home and it is defective in some way. They do not allow you try on certain costume pieces, such as wigs, so you really have no way of knowing if it is functional or not until you pay for it (overpriced) and get home. Then you're stuck with it whether you like it or not. What you shoud do is use Bubbles of Joy just to try on the costume that you want, get the sizing right, then go buy it from amazon for half the price and the freedom to return it if it is defective. Bubbles of Joy is lame.
you could receive better customer service at a Walmart!!!!!  That is being very generous. At first I was really impressed with their selection and very eager to buy quite a few things. I then I proceeded to ask if I could try on a wig (you don't know what it looks like unless you try it) the first sales associate seemed like she was going to let me then this extremely grumpy and very unpersonable lady approached us and said we don't have time for that get back to work...I turned around to see if there was people behind me, no one who looked like they needed help. I was assuming she was the owner, she did not greet me nor did she ask if she could help me with something. All she had was an extremely unfriendly and rude personality. Oh did i mention she wasnt even helping customers she was just bitching the whole time. I would really hope she doesn't treat all the customers like that
I talked to the owner to request a 1 hour donation to deliver a cake for a 4 year old little girl in hospice. The owner was extremely rude and claimed that he gave to charity often and doubted the validity of my story. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
Oscar is a delight and Corinne puts a smile on my face. However, I went to purchase facial hair and when I walked in I was ignored. I looked around and when I was unable to find what I was looking for I went up to the counter to ask. As I said, "Hello, I was wondering..." the tall, skinny, older man I was addressing looked right at me and walked away. I waited for him to come back, thinking maybe he had to help another customer. I waited 10 minutes and eventually another guy asked me if I was being helped. I asked him my question and he was very helpful. They didn't have the facial hair I needed in stock so i asked, "When will you be getting it in" He walked over to the older man and the older man just threw his hands in the air and said, "thats an oscar question, leave me alone." I was absolutely appalled. I never got an answer to my question and I received dirty looks from the older man.I have a large amount of respect for people working in retail and customer service but when they treat their customers like crap, I never want to support that business again. I will not be returning until the employes learn some respect.
I came to party city looking for supplies for a jungle themed birthday party for a little boy.  I didn't find much in stock that suited my needs.  There were a lot of luau themed party supplies.  I did manage to find a few things that would work for my party, but upon interacting with the staff, I decided against purchasing any of the items I had gathered.  One young man was helpful in a perfunctory way, but the young woman who seemed to be in charge was so rude that I voted with my feet and walked out without spending any money.
Extremely bad customer service! All the employees are rude including the manager. My friend and I went looking for Halloween costumes and asked for help from one of the employees. He said "I'm currently helping a customer I will be right with you" we waited for him to become available for 30 minutes while he continued to help others that arrived after us. We asked to speak to the manager because we kept been ignored then he asked "Is there something wrong" My friend responded "Obviously you haven't helped us" his response was "I obviously haven't" then walked away and he rolled his eyes. The manager came and spoke to us and apologized but you could tell she didn't care. When we checked out the cashier didn't greet us, all he said was "By the way you can't return this." And threw the items in the bag. Their store is super trashy! Never going back to this store. Their region manager should pay them a visit some time soon.
Don't ever buy s costume here.   My wife bought a costume and tried to return it 3 hours later and they wouldn't take it.
Yes Yasha does import great Russian food, however the horrible attitude you get from the owner makes you think twice about going to the store. If this was NY or LA he would be long out of business but due to the limited options in Phoenix he thinks he can get away with treating his long time customers like crap. Being Russian I have long come to understand the curt and non-friend behavior of other Russian's but Yasha is all together rude. He belittles and embarrasses his customers, and has his son participate in this behavior as well. If you want great Russian food with out all the b.s head down to the store on 12th street.
This great place is now under new ownership....don't patronize it, the original owner was forced out by his partner through some sort of shady business deal.  Very sad, and it was so good. 4 stars before, now only a 1.
closed
This is my first review on Yelp and Samarkand is the restaurant that inspired me to register and write my first review.  Unfortunately, this is not a good thing. This restaurant was utterly disappointing and has set a new low point in my culinary experience.I went in for lunch on a Monday with a friend.We walked in to the restaurant to find it empty and decorated with "Happy 1st Birthday" banners.  We thought that they were closed for a private party and my friend suggested we should go somewhere else.. I should have listened.After spending a minute or two shouting "hello", we were greeted with a nice lady who assured us they were open and sat us down on one of the many empty tables.  The place was clean, but had a "funky" smell to it.Since we had never had Russian food we decided to be adventurous.  We ordered some home made fruit drink that did not agree with our palates, and sumsa (which is bread, filled with ground beef and onions) to start with.  We also ordered some bread (can't remember the name) to eat with our marinated lamb and marinated beef sheesh kabobs.Fruit drink: Did not finish.  Not for us, not sweet, had an odd aftertaste.Sumsa: Did not finish:  Tasted and smelled like the meat filling had gone rancid before cooking.Bread: Majority consumed.  Tasteless, but edible.Marinated Beef: Did not finish.  Tough, chewy and tasteless.Marinated Lamb: Did not finish.  Chunks of fat on bone.  No meat to be seen.  Absolutely disgusting.Needless to say, I will not be returning, or recommending this place to anyone.  I wish I could rate this place to zero stars, but Yelp does not allow for it.NOTE: No one else came in to eat at the restaurant the entire time we were in it (peak lunch hour time).
I've stopped in twice during normal hours and was told they were currently not serving!! If third try is a charm, we may never know.
Nasty, nasty, nasty food.  Worst expierence in quite awhile.
I'm mad now.We've been to Tverskaya three times now, and the food has been excellent each time. The prices are reasonable. On our most recent visit, my fiance and i treated our friends to dinner (see Crystal V.'s review). However, we used a restaurant.com gift certificate, and apparently this was a mistake.Near the end of our meal, our waiter informed us that the mandatory 18% gratuity specified on the gift certificate went directly to restaurant.com instead of the waiter's pocket. In fact, he further explained that this was how restaurant.com was able to offer such steep discounts on their certificates. I conferred with my fiancee, and we both understood this statement to mean that the waiter would be receiving no gratuity unless we left extra. Naturally, we left extra - another $25 on top of the 18%. We received good service and had a lovely meal, so why notEverything was fine until we got home and my fiancee sent off an email to restaurant.com, who promptly informed us that the waiter receives every penny of the 18% mandatory gratuity. In other words, we just left our waiter a 38% tip because he lied to us.Frankly, I feel a little violated. We have never been shy about tipping, and we were already intending to leave a few extra bucks to make up the difference (we normally calculate 20% and then round up). It is a shame, because I truly enjoy their food and I had a wonderful evening dining with friends. But I can't shake the feeling of being lied to, of being scammed. If you do go to Tverskaya, don't bring a restaurant.com certificate. If you do bring a certificate, be aware that the 18% is going to the waiter, not the website.After this, I'm not sure I'll be going back. There are plenty of other restaurants in town that value my business enough not to try and scam me.
The address lead us to Festival Russian Restaurant. We looked at the sign "seat yourself," walked in and there was no one working. Waited for good 5 minutes, not a soul walked out from the back to greet us. We left. Based on others' reviews sounds like the food is great, but did I have to go back there myself and make it
Waiter served me a cold meal left over from a party being held there.  Absolutely horrible experience.
Are you lost Run away from this place as fast as you can! Not only the vodka will ruin your stomach but also the horrible thing they call food. At $35 ($45 with taxes and tips) the holidays menu is a total rip-off.
You do get what you pay for!!!.  Had a convention in Scottsdale and wanted to find something more reasonable then the Scottsdale resorts.  Happened upon the Scottsdale Athletic Club and it looked great.  The price was slammin' so I encouraged a colleague and client to get reservations.The rooms had all the charm of Motel 6.  I was really disappointed and embarrassed for my client.  Found myself saying I'm sorry over and over again.  Hope I can save some fellow Yelpers from the same experience.
I feel bad for the people who get suckered into this place after seeing their photoshopped pictures online.  This place is on par with a Days Inn, and is by no means a resort.My issue was the ownership and staff.  If you want to feel like you are the biggest inconvenience to walk through the front door, then this is your place! Also, I have no idea how their gym survives. They discourage gym-only membership and the fees are ridiculous ($549 initiation fee, plus $100 monthly fee).  I guess that's why the place is completely dead. Oh well, the equipment is old anyways.  Anyways, this place is a big NOPE! Nope nope nope
This hotel is beyond disgusting- be sure to read the tripadviser reviews also. If you book this through a discount place like I did (Expedia), you will regret it. Janice at the front desk looks like a Walmart shopper, with a rude tone as well.  We were shown a room (standard) that smelled like urine with one 2X3 window overlooking the parking lot. The lobby had a used Q-tip behind the chair and garbage strewn about. Place is worn, and tired.
I don't know where to begin we checked in on a Fri night in April the place was empty maybe 4-5 cars in entire place,front desk lady was talking to a guest on phone who wanted to come in that night instead of Saturday and she told them they couldn't because there were no clean rooms. We went to the coffee shop restaurant and the steak didn't taste right , didn't think too much about it until morning, Our room was dark lights are all dim and room is yellow & brown tones, I had to sleep on the pull out sofa bed, the sheets were dirty with crumbs, could tell the bed was never made,I slept on top of blanket, in morning I got up to make coffee the pot was there but no coffee filters to be able to use the pot,took a shower and only one towel in the whole place, we had two booked in our room don't understand why one towel Decided to go back to restaurant for breakfast how bad can you screw up breakfast and again place was empty but another couple were leaving they made a comment about the service, said he ordered steak and eggs  but steak was bad and they were walking out he complained how his room had one towel ! we said so did ours... confirmation now the night before we thought steak tasted funny. We overheard the waiter tell a table there is "No milk" they were out, its 9AM on a Saturday morning ! Coffee came in a styrofoam cup in the restaurant ! We walked out, checked out they didn't charge us for the room after we showed them 5 old cigarette butts on our non smoking dirty room balcony and pictures of the bed sheets. Too bad, has lots of potential but no service, rooms are like an apartment but dreary, pool looked okay but not sure where you would find a towel, place looks like its being run on a dime budget and I wonder if the owner knows the person at front desk is turning guests away from checking in. I would say there must be at least 75 rooms and literally there were maybe 10 cars in the parking lot .In need of an overhaul. Front desk said manager would call us but he never did.. Not a resort more like an old condo time share next to a tennis club.
Joined on a groupon, went once and never went back.  Gym equipment was so old it brought back memories of the 70s.  Tennis courts filled with rug rats and people who did not want to give way to anyone else wanting to hit.  Heated pool, big deal can crash a local resort hotel for that.  My expectations were not met, very disappointed.
OMG. This club enticed us to join for squash with a new squash pro there Scott Denne. Within three months the "pro" decided my son could not take lessons from anyone else besides him and his jealousy when my son did was extreme. So much so that he would not communicate with me and had us blacklisted out of the club. Something is not right there. BE CAREFUL.
I was very disappointed my son did the summer camp there.  The two males an older thinner guy and an balding heavier set man, and one female long haired blond coach. They were the worst tennis coaches I have ever seen.  My son had a horrible experience there.  You should not invest or ever send you kids there.Save your money!
I knew this place's pickleball program had a pretty bad reputation, but I wanted to check it out for myself. It meets and exceeds the bad reputation in every way. The players are cliquish and snotty. There are a couple of old guys that have deemed themselves "in charge" and try to tell everyone who to play with and even how to play. If they don't like the way you play, your wrong and they are right. They team up 2 of their "A" players with two others whom they think they can beat. If you win, they start telling you how good they are and how poorly you play. Just a sad situation in general. I guess there are always people who feel the need to disparage others in an effort to make themselves feel better. Like many, many others who have tried this place out, I won't be back. The facility itself is really pretty run down and tries desperately to hold itself out as something elitist. In reality, about the same level as a run down YMCA.
If you are looking fot Tennis classes for your kid, This is NOT a place to be. They have one basic class and put all their. Also getting money back is really a problem. Very poor Customer Care and a very bad place for Tennis lessons. Staff is clue less and Management does not care too.
If you are looking fot Tennis classes for your kid, This is NOT a place to be. They have one basic class and put all their.Also getting money back is really a problem. Very poor Customer Care and a very bad place for Tennis lessons.Staff is clue less and Management does not care too. I STILL have not got my money Thiefs !!
I was jogging in the area and noticed signs, so I went to check it out. The place seems nice enough, but I got the impression the manger Ed and his son seem to run the place and would rather sit all day and collect their pay checks. I would love to know how much money they make sitting around all day hoping no one comes in and bothers them. I think I'll contact the city to see what is up.
Warning to parents:  the wave pool is not safe for children under the age of eight. My five year old is a strong swimmer (Gold Medal Swim School in Chandler for 3 years) and almost drowned due to a current created by the waves. The lifeguard posted right above her made no move to rescue her until I told him she was drowning. She was crying for help but he didn't hear her.   I thought this would be a gentle pool as it was for a child's birthday party.  If I would have known the strength of the waves I would had my swimsuit on and my daughter in a life vest. I hope the lifeguard finds a different summer job- he almost lost a little girl literally under his nose.
Maybe I am just the most jaded vegan in town; Quiet Storm's food menu bores me to tears, that which I will use to salt my own mediocre cooking at home! Their coffee isn't all that great either, as given the choice, local La Prima is in my favor. Tears. This is the only vegetarian restaurant on the East side of town, and oh so close to me, but I cannot stand to go there. Desperate times now call for toast and tea served by the sad server that resides within my depressed little dining room.
I must be a glutton for punishment, because I keep finding myself hungrily returning to the Quiet Storm. The menu has slightly changed, and they are no longer cash only... This time it was the "8th Ward" that inflicted extreme disappointment. Not sure what 8th Ward is supposed to mean, but I will forever associate it with a dry boring place. And I thought we were getting a party platter! This appetizer sampler included THE WORST hummus evaar; I am near positive that they forgot to add garlic, lemon, salt and tahini to this chickpea paste that which was described as "garlicky" on the menu. Sooo wrong. "The Butter," another WTF of a name, was also very dry and bland. The salsa was good! And there were plenty of dipping accessories, too many really, given the smallness of the unappetizing dip portions.At this point, I've tried most of the vegan options QS has to offer and the only luck I've had has been with the B.Y.O.B. Go figure. I wouldn't care so much about how much of a tease this place is if I didn't REALLY desire a comfortable neighborhood place to eat comfortable food with a comfortable view of a cute waitress who writes fiction. And it frustrates me that few others seem to recognize the culinary (I shutter at even calling it that) mediocrity of "the best" vegetarian restaurant Pittsburgh has to offer.
Well, I think Heidi S. pretty much covered all of the bases here. The lemon-ginger tea that I ordered was weak, perhaps not steeped hot enough The hummus, wow, definitely the worst; tasted like paste. Yuck with a capital whY. I considered giving two stars because the service and atmosphere were pleasant, but since I do not plan to return, I guess methinks not.
I'm a vegetarian and have lived behind the restaurant for over 3 years. Every time I have ever gone, the service is awful. It's as if they're doing you a favor by waiting on you. I think their breakfasts are pretty good and their lentil loaf is good but usually your sides consist of yellow nacho chips with brown jalopeno slaw. Also, the cooks look like they are lacking hygeine. the one great thing about this place is their coffee, and that's it.
Yes, it is reasonably priced.  Yes, my food was tasty (6 on a scale of 1-10).  However, the place did not look clean to me--I won't be back because of that.
Ugh... I got a plate with seisage, tofu scramble, and sundried tomato toast. My whole plate was entirely dry, chewy, and unpalatable. I had high hopes for the tofu scramble, especially after seeing positive reviews about it. But honestly... It tasted like nothing. I thought it'd be moister with a creamy consistency that might come from silken tofu, but it was hard, dry, and chewy. Hubby got a country burrito that was much better in comparison to my plate... But that might have been due to the fact that his whole plate was doused in gravy. Anything will taste better drenched in gravy. We think the gravy tastes like the powdered packet kind where you just add water. On top of all this service wasn't the greatest. I had to fish around for my own ketchup and they didn't even bother to ask me what kind of toast (3 options on the menu)I wanted when I ordered the toast option for my meal. Then they didn't bother to ask hubby if he wanted anything to drink after he had picked one of the $12 entrees that come with coffee or juice. We had to tell someone else to get it for us. Also they don't really wash their cups. There are 2 sink basins at the front where they just dunk the cups in one soapy basin then dunk the cups in a second water basin and then stack them next to the sink. It made me not want to drink my water even though I was thirsty. Good idea, but poorly executed food. I've had good vegan and vegetarian food before that's consisted of a lot of fresh greens, avocados, and more. For a vegetarian place, there was nothing green on our plates. This experience sadly fell enormously short of our expectations... Could've eaten at kaya or meat and potatoes for the same price.
Worst tofu scramble ever. Days old, cold, hard, inedible.  Sent it back and had no time to wait for another dish. I can't even believe that the server, let alone the  "chef" thought it appropriate to serve. Brought my 2 year old along, had to get a high chair, I'm able to do this just would have been nice if asked by server if we needed one.
I imagine that this is the restaurant that I would make if I were 20 years old and knew nothing about restaurants except dining in them and what looks and sounds cool.  In that it does some things right, but none of the important things.  It has a decent sized shop with large windows and its bright, so that's good.  They have good music, but unfortunately we were seated right below one of what looked like two speakers in the place.  Its a large restaurant so in order to make it the right volume for people far away from the speaker it has to be too loud for the people close to the speaker.  I know the trade-offs of sound systems all too well.  If only there was a way to solve this problem like... just riffing here... more speakers at a lower volumeThey had a greatest hits of the thrift store type of decor and the standard shitty artists selling their paintings like at every coffee house you've ever been to.  They include coffeeteajuicewhatever in the price of the brunch because, like everyone, I hate choices too and I definitely wanted at least one of those.  I'm looking at the menu and its a veganveggie place so we're never going to be good friends but I'd like to think that there's something that looks halfway decent but it all looks awful.  There are two Tex-Mex-Ranchero breakfast dishes... that's at least one too many; and there's only like eight choices which sounds like plenty as a number but I assure you it was not enough here.I go with the Egg Frittata as my least bad option and it ends up tasting mostly flavorless but with a distinct stale note.  It comes with a salad that is not bad, but who wants a salad for breakfast.  As we're leaving the waiter, who's been fine the whole time, asks us where we're from and my girlfriend answers "D.C."  The waiter replies, "Oh, I'm sorry about that."  Now, neither of us is actually born in the D.C. area, nor do I even particularly like living there.  So I'm not personally offended, but I'm not sure if someone from or living in Pittsburgh has solid footing to talk the business about Washington D.C. or almost any other large city.  Its not like property values in Pittsburgh are indicating that everyone's clammoring to live there, whereas in Washington D.C., they are.I was not enjoying the restaurant before that, but this kid actually threw me to straight up hating it.  If you're vegan and have literally no other options... then I guess you're going here.  If both of those conditions aren't true, then go anywhere else.
It's cheap, I'll say that, but otherwise it's bland food served by workers who mostly don't seem to notice they're working, and when they do, only respond snarkily. There are many better vegetarian and vegan options to choose from.
I cannot believe this place exists! How is it competitive in CharlotteThe flavors are absurdly overdone: super salty, super sweet, and conflicting in that they pair savory with super sweet and drown it all out.I may have an answer: the place is filled with the elderly. Maybe it's "The Walking Dead" tongues. Seriously, the youngest person there was in their early 50's. It's like a "speak-easy" for the rich elderly...it just keeps afloat by a secret handshake that acknowledges you are in a terrible place but you can be old there without the riff-raff.Also, it is terribly expensive for the low quality they are putting on the plate. Even the drinks are super sweet.AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
Oh shit!  Literally.  I was at this location on Sunday night (22507) and it was horrible.  The first thing we noticed was that there weren't any dishes.  It was like nothing new was being washed and brought out for customers to use.  Then the place started to smell bad... and then we noticed the waste water bubbling up from the floor drains behind the salad bar.  It was like something out of a horror movie.  We left in a hurry... a drainage grate in the parking lot was flowing with more raw sewage.  It was amazingly gross.  Any good experiences I've ever had in this place are moot... I'm never going back to this location again.
I have noticed the trend in all the location but today was the worst.  Coffee was cold and the cream was warm.  The lettuce had a faint smell of bleach or   There was almost no breads out but a few drier ones.  I took one and it was cold and soggy.  No one cleared my table or even spoke to me though there were people doing that at other tables.  The frozen desert, chocolate, had no taste at all.  It was cold, creamy and without any flavoring.  The lady at the registered dropped 2 large stacks of glasses (all glasses are plastic or paper).  She and others picked them up from the floor and stacked them back up.  I watched as they gave them to the new customers.  What do you think would be on a floor There is always lots of food but they obviously care nothing about food temperatures or bacteria on their dishes. I will not be returning.
CLOSED for good.  Lost their lease, building to be torn down. Closed, closed, Closed, closed, clothes, clothes, clothes, clothes, clothes.!
One star for the massive headache I got after I ate the food... MSG  Not sure.
this restaurant is not wheelchair accessible. I have no idea how the food is because there are 2 steps and no ramp.
Freaking out a little. Just got finished eating there. Hairs in the food and I saw a cockroach crawl across the kitchen floor. At least if I get sick tonight I will know why!
I really would love to give a better rating to a vegan restaurant. Unfortunately, I was disappointed with EVERYTHING. 1. I waited 40 min for a take out (with only 2 occupied tables at that time)2. A guy who ordered after me got a free piece of cake for the long wait. (it wasn't offered to me) 3. Terrible service 4. The decor is something you see in senior houses in Sun City5. Almost all items on the menu have soy protein.. TVP Is it really something healthy or it's some sort of cardboard pretending to be food6. They packed my to go order in such a way that the soup turned before I got to my car, soaking thru the paper bag, landing on my pants, and on the sidewalk...  I went inside to tell them that- NO apology, NO money back. I wonder why they are not closed yet.
They got rid of my favorite item, Frozen Yogurt and replaced it with a powered frozen treat mix that the staff inconsistency mixes in the back and tastes like frozen Phoenix tap water, and they call it ice cream. I think that Sweet Tomatoes is punishing us with drastic cost cutting messures because of the losses that they self induced with the field kitchen failure.
There is hair in their pasta and they are having a hard time admitting they are at fault. Instead the manager mishandled the situation. I just wanted to let know what going on with their pasta before another customer encounter the same situation. I was a repeated customer but after this bad experience,  I will not go back. I'll inform my neighbor, friends,  and family. Thank you Sweet Tomatoes for ruining one of my favorite place to dine.
Beautiful salad bar but this location has NO MEAT.....great for vegetarians but if I'm eating a salad for a meal then give me some protein.....PLEASE....first and last time here!!
I have not eaten at this place since they screwed me out of $20.  A friend and I both gave the waitress $20 bills for change and she brought my friend back his change.  I asked where my change was and she said she  was only given 1 $20 bill and that she had already brought the change for that.  She argued with me till I asked for a manager.  The manager, who I like to refer to as "slim shady", was not the manager at all, but was the COOK who was posing as a manager, because the real manager was not there.  He was wearing a wife beater and his pants were hanging around his knees.  He proceeded to say the waitress had worked with him for a long time and that he would vouch that she was a very honest person.  He also was dropping F*** bombs throughout our conversation.  In the end, they said  they would take my number and would call me if her tips were off at the end of the night.  RIGHT!  I never received a call and came to the conclusion that I had probably just bought them their nightly high...  Which leads me to my next gripe about this place.  The staff are a bunch of urban granola hippies. Dreds, tats, hairy pits, and piercings are all the norm.  Don't take your kids here because the odds of the waitresses wearing a bra are probably slim to none.  I would like to know where they get these people.Enough already... I am wasting my time going any further.  DO NOT EAT HERE EVER!
You know where you are,You're in the jungle baby,You gonna die!In the jungle ,Welcome to the jungleWatch it bring you to your shun, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, knees, knees!Because You just might Puke after what I'm about to tell you.I Went to Pita Jungle for my first time, I order a diet coke, I took a couple of sips and then noticed that whole inside of the cup was covered in a thick grimy film. I though that maybe it was just scratched plastic, I scraped it with my fingernail and it came off...uuuugggggghhhhhh!!!  How incredibly nasty!!!!  I'm not talking a little bit of residue here folks I'm talking Scum Build Up from Hell!! I wish I hadn't ordered already.I take my glass up to the counter and ask to get a new soda in a To-Go cup.Once I sit back down I start looking around at other peoples cups and notice the same Funk caked up inside them as well and they are greedily sipping along without even using a straw..EEEEEEWWWWWSo this was not an isolated incident.How do you not notice that, Please tell me, How do you not feel it touch your lips......(shudders)....As I sit waiting for my food, Dear God, I can only imaging what kind of filth lies behind the counter where no-one can see if this(cup grime) is the kind of stuff they are serving up right under our noses.I begin to look around and notice that the cups are not the only thing with the foul gunk build up......the tables too.....Oh God I'm watching a woman let her baby eat right off of the filthy thing!My Food arrives, The glazed Chicken pizza (see pics)......do I eat.....it looks good.....smells good.......Well It actually tasted Delicious, Unfortunately I could not eat anymore than a couple bites as I was so disgusted with the filth of this place.I had to rush right home and shower!1 star because of the Scuzz factorAre all Pita Jungles this repulsive if not please tell me which one is CLEAN! I will never return to this location
CATTLE CALL Ate here three times. The food is too bland for me. It tastes like diet food. If I want diet or healthy food I will eat at home. When I eat out I want food that tastes good. If that means adding lard, or salt, or sugar, or MSG... so be it.Made the mistake of sitting on the patio once.  I found out what sardines feel like.
This is one of the many Pita Jungle restaurants in the area which you can consider as a type of warning. My fiance and I went there for an anniversary dinner on a Friday night. The place was pretty full and a live jazz band was playing. After 10 minute wait we were seated. The hostess got us drinks and after than we received zero service from any of the staff. We had two waitresses circling around and making sure to avoid any eye contact. People that came 10 minutes after us were getting their food orders in before anyone even spoke to us. After 15 minutes of that, we left. The hostess was nice enough to not accept our money for the drinks, consider that's where the 1 star comes from.THE FOODNo idea. Two waitresses circled around us for 15 minutes making sure to avoid any eye contact. The menu is the same as any other one of these restaurants.SETTINGSame setup as all the other Pita Jungle restaurants. Staff sucks, except for the hostess.OVERALL: Will never be back to this location again and will not recommend anyone else to go there. Instead, I would recommend the Mesa location since it has a much better service, as in, they actually provide it.
1 star for the horrible to go service.I'm writing this review after 5 tries of ordering to go, so I think my rating is fair. Restaurants thrive on consistency. Well Pita Jungle is consistent--on horrible service.The hostess who took my order on the phone was very rude. She constantly told me to "speak up, I can't hear you" in a rude manner. A customer friendly approach would be "I'm sorry, our restaurant is loud, can you please speak up."After placing my order, I asked for the total. She rudely responded "I don't have it front of me." Again, a nicer approach would be "I will have your total upon your arrival" or something to that extent. Picking up the order was another ordeal of rude service!I often order to go from my favorite restaurants. After 5 experiences of horrible phone service and pick up service, Pita Jungle is a "no go" for me!
My love affair with Pita Jungle is a long one.....perhaps longer than any other restaurant, certainly longer than I can remember, and at least for the adult portion of my life, which is why it pains me to write this review. For the last 6 months, I have ordered takeout one day a week from this location, typically on a Friday or Saturday. The ridiculousness that has become my adult life has necessitated a heavy reliance on takeout for my main source of nourishment. Although the food is always spot on at Pita, my takeout experience has been anything but. The prior 3 out of 4 times I went to pick up my food, I ended up waiting past the promised time. Now I'm not unreasonable, waiting 5 or 10 minutes is not a big deal, but each time has been a wait of 25 to 30+ minutes past the pick up time, with no apologies or explanations. I was beginning to wonder if they had ever started cooking my food before I got there. The last time I must've looked really irritated, because I was offered an obligatory baklava for my wait. Used to the wait, I started showing up 5 to 10 minutes past the promised time, just as preventative maintenance. Imagine my surprise when my order was ready as promised thie time. I left with my bag of food and a smile on my face. I get back to my friend's house, open the bag, and begin to realize just how badly the order has been screwed up. We ordered 4 items, 3 of which were wrong. I load one item up and head back to Pita. Making me wait a ridiculous amount of time for my food is one thing, but blatantly screwing up my order is too much. As I explain my situation to the takeout girl, she goes to get the Manager who proceeds to inform me that I ordered it wrong. As I struggle to keep my cool, I inform them that they must be mistaken. One item was ordered with chicken, my item was turkey, and the other two were salads. Everything came with chicken. The salads were for my vegetarian friends, and I'm allergic to chicken. There's no way you're going to convince me I ordered chicken for myself and two vegetarians. Sorry, try again. Without too much ado, the correct dishes were provided, and yet another obligatory baklava was offered. I declined. There is only so much wrong that baklava can right. Don't get me wrong, their baklava is amazing, but it's not going to make up for them screwing up my order, then trying to blame it on me. Oh, and did I mention that they gave me a coupon for a free appetizer Too bad the coupon expires in a few days. I'm afraid I will be taking my weekly Friday takeout business elsewhere, until enough time has passed that maybe, just maybe, I can find it in my heart to forgive Pita Jungle. In the meantime, I suggest you try to get it together down there. In case you missed the count, that's 4 out of the last 5 takeouts you missed the mark on, including 1 you tried to blame on me. That's shameful.
I so love Pita Jungle - we have eaten at nearly every location over the years, have used their catering menu for parties and business functions by our calculations we have eaten at Pita Jungle more than 500 times since moving to the Valley 9 years ago. Unfortunately this location does not live up to the quality we expect from the franchise. As vegans we have limited options in dining out and Pita Jungle has built a strong reputation as a company that caters to vegans and vegetarians alike. But not at this location. Back in the spring we ordered take out only to find pieces of chicken mixed in with our tofu - I talked with Christina the GM and she assured us it was an "anomaly" and couldn't happen again. Still we avoided this location for 6 months hoping the problem would get resolved over time. It didn't - we went back again last month and I ordered a veggie garden wrap only to once again find pieces of chicken mixed into this vegan dish. This time I took pictures and sent them to Christina and the local manager Mary - they completely ignored my emails so I posted them to their facebook page. And once again they claim it is an anomaly. Reading other yelp reviews it seems like this recurring anomaly is now the norm at this location. So we avoid it like the plague.
Got here while the band on a Thursday Night was still playing, got seated, placed order for an ice tea and...... Game Over Waitress never came back WTF I guess my 6'-2" 208 frame just got lost in all the excitement this evening. Or maybe my waitress just sucked. Either way, a bad experience which is a shame because usually the PJ is better than that. I placed my order via the phone and decided to take out instead. No apologizes offered. Won't be coming back to this one anytime soon.
Walked in to the sight of the hostess and all the wait staff texting on their phones. Bartender said we could seat ourselves. Waited for about 15 minutes- didn't even get waters. There was more staff on hand than patrons, so there was no reason for any kind of wait. Poor service, total lack of professionalism... Went to the Mexican grill next door and had drinks in less than 3 minutes. I suggest going there instead!
Having had a fantastic experience at the Gilbert (Val Vista and Williams Field) location with our entire staff for a employee's anniversary lunch, I figured Pita Jungle should be Pita Jungle, right  And the Chandler location is closer to our workplace, so I called and let them know that two days hence, we would be treating one of our employees to his anniversary lunch.       We would be a party of fifteen, and although I know they don't take reservations, I wanted to find out what we can do to make it less of a surprise for them, and smoother sailing for our healthcare office's staff (we would have a set period of time to eat and get back to see the afternoon patients).     She reiterated they don't take reservations.  I know, sweetie, I know.  I'm just calling to give you a head's up that we're going to show up at noon in 2 days' time and we would like for that to not be hard on your staff.  Or mine.  "Okay," she said, stating she would make a note, "but it isn't a reservation."  Okay, I gotcha.    I called the day before to re-remind them we'd be there in one day, at noon, with 15 hungry people.  "We can't, we don't, we won't," etc, she says.  I know, honey, I know you don't take reservations, I know what you can't and don't do in terms of reservations. Do you ACCEPT larger parties "Yes," she says.  "So, I'm just calling to see what CAN be done" I say.  "I'll make a note but you can't have a reservation."  My goodness, it's never been harder for me to arrange to drop a few benji's on a small establishment.  The Gilbert location was gracious, had left a few tables in one area free, then scooted them together when our party arrived (just a couple months prior) and had us seated in one minute flat, gracious and happy to see us... so I figured with the ample heads-up, the Chandler location would probably do the same, right    Right     We show up, 15 of us, at noon the next day.  The young, male (old enough to drive, too young to drink) host is astounded at the size of our party. Like, he has never SEEN 15 people all together at one time before, ASTOUNDED.  I mention that while we know they don't do reservations, I've called ahead two days, and one day, prior. *crickets* She said she would make a note, let you all know we would be coming so you could plan ahead. *crickets*  To make sure you wouldn't be overwhelmed by our party. *crickets*  Because we are celebrating a much-loved employee's anniversary and it's really important because this is his favorite restaurant.  *crickets*       "Well," he sighs, "I don't know anything about that but it's going to be at LEAST a half hour wait. Is that okay"       There's no harm in asking nicely, so I did.  "Well, actually, is there anything that can be done We have about 49 minutes of lunch time left, so that doesn't really enable us to eat, is there any room out on that big patio There's a large table down the middle of the restaurant that's just the right size for our party, which was completely empty, until you sat two people in the middle of it, like, 4 seconds before we were greeted, could they potentially sit somewhere else Because we'd fit right there and they don't even have a water glass yet; I would pay for their lunch."       No.  There was obviously nothing he was willing to do, so I let him know that anything they can do is appreciated, because all 15 of us are here, and there's no time to arrange anything new.  So we wait for 19 minutes, and he comes over and tell us "It's going to be at least another 40 minutes, so is that okay"     No.  That wasn't okay, not even remotely okay, and honestly I expect to be treated like this at Oregano's, pal, but I really didn't see this one coming. Why would you tell us 30 minutes, and 11 minutes short of the 30 minutes, tell us it's another 40 minutes  You've been seating everyone who came in the door.  I asked if there was a manager. Nope.  Is there anyone I can talk to (Because I'm thinking as a manager, I see potential solutions to this problem passing before my eyes with every choice you make, friend.)  Nope.        I know the kid is young.  And this is not his place.  And he can't possibly have enough experience to even know what customer care looks or sounds like... but he couldn't have possibly been slow enough to think that, on any level, this was okay.      So, in order to not break my recent goals of never saying reactive things, I simply walked out the door.  Saw Valle Luna just down the walk, and walked in there to ask if they'd seat us.  Sure, they said, come on over!     So all 15 of us mobbed down to Valle Luna, had just about the most delicious chips and salsa I've ever had, cold drinks on the table right away, and hot lunch served up within about 10 minutes, a check and boxes shortly thereafter, and we were back to the office on time, stuffed full of really delicious and satisfying food.  Please consider going there; they were fantastic.
Again with the rude service at the cashier stand.  Food was delicious, but the employee at the cashier stand last evening at 7:00 PM ish was unacceptable.  I said three people for dinner not realizing one of my group still qualified for the kids pricing.  I was told to say that next time.  I am not asking for black tie, fine dining customer service.  Common sense and general friendliness would have been nice.
i'm not in love with this chain, and this location in particular is pretty bad.usually dried up or slightly brown lettuce, dirty floors, etc. when you go out specifially for fresh salads, it's just the last thing you want to be surrounded by, i guess.i lived in an apartment in the same complex as this one for a year and literally went there one time.
Did I really just pay twenty eight bucks for two small plates of lettuce and two small sodas Yes I did. And I feel mighty ashamed. Throw in terrible, bleak, sick looking decorations while I eat my thirteen dollar salad and I feel even worse. And add another two dollars if you want chicken on that already pricey salad. I don't know, maybe if you're a slob who takes a dozen trips to the buffet it could be worth it, but I just wanted a salad. I am not a fan.
we went to STFK for the first and unfortunately the last time tonight. I'm not sure if they hired an outside company to come up with this concept or they thought of it internally, but they can save a ton of money by NOT remodeling the remaining stores, and will stop losing long time customers like us.  I always finished up with their chili, but now it's an additional $3.49, and no more hot chocolate chip cookies. BTW, no more coupons either, so it's time to look for another place to have a healthy meal...
I like the new look but hate the confusing new set up. It's all, "I'm a buffet, but nope no I'm not!" Ordered the 14 white chicken with mashed potatoes & bacon & onion Mac & cheese. Comes with complimentary bread. Chicken was good and moist. Mashed potatoes have no taste and Mac & cheese is dry without the slightest taste of cheese! Tried the cornbread which is so dry it literally leaves a gritty residue in your mouth. The focaccia bread is on the oily side and the batch we got was way overloaded with rosemary. Also got the fettuccine pomodoro which is cooked fresh to order and wasn't bad but definitely nothing I'd order again. I like the new look but definitely not the new food.
Is there anyone in customer service at Sweet TomatoesSoup Plantation  A couple of months ago there was a gift card promotion, so I got 1 for my parents' anniversary and 1 for me to use.  My parents used their gift card on their anniversary and should have gotten the Senior discount of $7.49 each when they go before 4 pm; they went around 1ish.  They were charged the regular adult price.  On top of that the cashier did not give them back their card.  A few weeks later when I meet my Mom for lunch and we talked about their gift card, she said they used it all during the ONE visit for both of them.  I went online to check the balance, then called the customer service .  All they can do was take down my information and someone will contact me.  That was 3 weeks ago.  My parents live around the corner from this location and we all come here often, but after I use up my gift card WE won't be coming back.  I will find another place for us go.  Talk about ripping off people - how does it feel to rip off the old folks Sweet Tomatoes
I have been to a lot of sweet tomatoes and Souplantation s. This is the worst of all. Actually never been to a bad one till now. No fresh fruit station no fruit salad . The pasta section consists of macaroni and cheese . Won't be back
Terrible service, but i suppose you cannot expect much from the hired 17year old girls. Walked in and went to the register to ask a question. The 3 girls stood there chatting with each other for a good amount of time, while I stood waiting and trying to make eye contact. I finally just interrupted the in-depth conversation about failing their driving tests. My question was sincere and it was answered with a terrible attitude. I did not end up doing business here... After all, wouldn't want to bother the staff with the task of doing their job.
No Way!!! Southside Tattoo has a terrible city-wide reputation and for a GOOD REASON. 1 - most of the artists are just soso. 2 - they way over charge for work. Hell, one time - a friend of mine and myself walked in to get some small, cheap, quick work done. Seriously, a 20 minute tattoo that we already with us. We talked to the guy at the desk, who was rude and said "Let me talk to an artist" - the tattooist never came back out, we waited for 30 minutes, no one ever said another word to us, and we left. Back when I was really young and just started getting tattooed, I got my first 2 tattoos there - both scarred, were un-even, and had a TON of fallout. I ended up having to go elsewhere to get the one touched up because southside tattoo would not re-do the tattoo (poor professionalism for a tattoo artist) because of the high volume, 2 weeks later, the artist did not recognize me at all... and the other tattoo was so bad I had to get a full cover-up. There are so many other good shops in the city - don't waste your money going to a flash-tattoo mill.
The vibe of this place seems very sketchy, and the fact at all of the work on the walls has prices seems a bit off. The staff are unfriendly and rude and do not greet you after you walk in for a good ten minutes or so. That being said, I do not know about tattoo work here. Piercings, however, are a different story.Don't do it.The woman who did them did not seem to know what she was doing, and did not even clamp the area before piercing, causing bleeding. And then she went on to make fun of my friend for this, for a good long time. Talk about unprofessional! She also refused to put in the type of jewelry requested, and only put in the type she first grabbed, even with an explanation about why this type of jewelry would be the worst for the piercing. I had heard good things about this place, but I see know that everyone was very mistaken. In the future, if I ever need another piercing or tattoo, be assured that I will not be going here. Or trusting the judgement of said friends.
Not worth it to get a tattoo here... Went in one day with a friend to see if I could get a very small tattoo done and scheduled an appointment for the same day. The guy at the desk told me there was a required deposit for appointments so I put down the money ($50 I believe) and came back later. The tattoo experience was fine and I enjoy my tattoo but I had forgotten about the money I had already put down and was charged a full $120 on top of it. Not only that, this guy at the desk swiped my card, said it was declined and suggested I take the money out of the ATM they have in the shop... Only to get home and find out the transaction actually did go through. Of course I went back and told them what happened but instead of refunding me they just blamed it on the bank and said that it was just pending. All in all I have a tattoo that is an inch tall and dropped $290 on it. Avoid the place and go somewhere else, anywhere else.
I have a few tattoos and every one except the one I got here looks amazing. The one I got here looks awful. This shop is not clean and they butchered my skin. The artist who tattooed me used the same gloves the whole time (they're supposed to change them several times, especially when setting up the machine and cleaning your skin). The tattoo I receive blew out within a week (this is when the ink spreads  under the skin and it does not happen with a quality tattoo) I went back twice to have the tattoo fixed. It got infected after the third time. My tattoo is raised, uneven, and looks unfinished. I'm planning on having it retouched by a quality artist who won't screw it up as badly as they did. I don't mind paying the money for a quality piece but this place rips you off. Please, if you value your health and your skin, don't go here!!!
I walked into store a couple of time and did not feel like I was anything else but a number. When I approached employees it felt as if I was a bother to them for there time. I asked about getting a sleeve custom drawn and I was told to bring it what I would like done. There was no trying to talk to me or find out what I want or what ideas they had. It was "Bring what you want done in, pay a $50 deposit and when do I want to get started". I'm okay, I would not go to that shop, customer service is none and the art that I seen come from there is no where near up to par for the prices you pay.
I was torn about leaving a negative review, as in the past I've had incredibly positive experiences with six different piercings at Sadu.  However, after thinking back on today's events I feel compelled to issue a stern warning.  Since Autumn left last fall, it seems as though the staff has been different each time I went in for work.  This in itself is not an issue, why I write is to offer you warning that your experience will likely be ruined by the inhospitable staff who excel in condescension while offering a ham-handed piercing technique.  After having both nipples pierced, a labret, an industrial, nose-ring, tongue, and ears spaced, and a multitude of other piercings, I am aware of what to expect when I decide to do further body modification.  The staff that was working was, simply put, rude.  They were discussing disdainfully the questions that earlier clients had tendered and when they did take a break from verbally assailing these customers to help me they were short and discourteous.  Since I was there for a tragus and not to make friends I tried to dismiss this effrontery.  While the mood temporarily lightened once I went back for the piercing, the young lady with dreadlocks couldn't help but talk about herself for the entire time coming off as narcissistic and  somewhat arrogant.  Again, I soldiered on as I was terribly excited about the piercing despite the staff.  If the verbal treatment of the staff wasn't sufficient to turn me off to Sadu permanently the piercer's brutish handling lacked any semblance of finesse.   So I  would give her skills  five stars -- five stars that had each collapsed into a black hole and merged to form the largest black hole in the universe.  If you cannot afford a professional dominatrix to mistreat you I would thoroughly recommend Sadu, if on the other hand you are looking for a positive lasting experience I would go elsewhere.p.s.   to be completely fair they have great jewelry, but nothing you can't find online for the same price.  Good luck.
I came here abt two years ago to get my fix of ink. (they are addictive)Well, I drew my "Tat" out so I figured how hard could it be to copy and paste right... RIGHTTTTT!!!!well after Mr. What-Ever-The-Hell-His-Name is finished smoking (why do they have to smoke before work) and started on my tat... when I looked at the clock go round and round and round (damn near 3 hrs) for a tat that was maybe 3inch by 3inch. NOTE... MY TATTOO was a YingYang, with the two lil circles representing 2 clocks in the inside. (can you picture that.. right.. that ain't too hard right.)i told buddy he did a "great job" tipped the dude a few more bucks because i KNOW he needed it and wld probably be his last. WELP.. IT WAS.. a friend went (even after I told them where to go for good work) and wanted me to come with... and that person was NOT there anymore. also.. i HATE when an "artist" tells me what to get.. even when I tell them what I want and where i want it. THE NERVE of another artist to tell me NO, you should get it put ______ instead. GTHOH. I'M PAYING.. RIGHT........................... RIGHTTTT!!!!!!!!!
I have to say, I have always had a good impression of Halo, even though I have never used their services.  In June, I decided that I wanted to go get both of my ears pierced, so I went to Halo because it was the first piercing joint that came to mind. I thought surely they would do just a regular ear piercing, even if it was probably going to be significantly more expensive than the mall. Well, I was wrong. I spoke with this guy at the counter who proceeded to tell me that the shop doesn't pierce with studs. The conversation went something like this:Me: WhyPin Cushion: Stud earrings don't exist that meet our strict guidelines.Me: What (as I look in the case and see studs) ReallyPin Cushion: We only pierce with surgical steel hoops or rods, the APA doesn't allow us to use inferior quality studs.Me: Really Oh no, so you're saying I have to go to the mallPin Cushion: I wouldn't recommend anyone go to the mall. Did you know that they can't guarantee every single piece of the piercing gun is sterileMe: HuhPin Cushion: Yeah but if you want to whatever, I understand your situation. It's not rocket science, a 16 year old at Claire's can do it for you.Me: Ok...Pin Cushion: But you know it will take 3-4 months to heal, and it isn't sterile.Me: Um...Pin Cushion: Have you seen the training video for the piercing guns They have kids doing it.Me: No, I haven't...Pin Cushion: I can pierce you with some hoops and you can take them out in 6 weeks and put studs in if that's what you really want.Me: Ok um, bye...So I was really frustrated, because now I was gonna have to go to a pink and sparkly store with kids hopping all around to get my ears pierced, in that chair right behind the window for onlookers to see. But I was definitely going to go there now, if not just to spite this guy who got all snooty with me over his marginally superior piercing methods.Bottom line, if they can't pierce with studs then they can't pierce with studs.  But his attitude over the whole thing left a very sour taste in my mouth, and I don't think I'd ever go back to get anything else pierced.  He was very snooty and condescending about the whole thing, and went out of his way to scare the bejeezus out of me about going to the mall, which I think was unnecessary.
I'm angry and this seemed like the most appropriate outlet to vent. FOR THE RECORD: This review is about my first piercing at Halo, the piercer Ana (whom everyone seems to love and I'm not sure why), and my initial customer service. HALO IS A 5 STAR PLACE WITH OTHER 5 STAR PEOPLE AND KELSEY HAS NEVER BEEN ANYTHING OTHER THAN HELPFUL, KIND AND GRACIOUS. THE STORY: So I decide I want to get my first body piercing, so I ask around. I was 19 and super involved in the goth scene and there were plenty of resources. My friend suggested HALO, other people suggested HALO and they all raved about the awesome jewelry and the awesome service. I was getting my nose pierced and I had to muster up the courage. Not only to go through with it, but to face my mother after. (See my mom made me sign a "contract" when I was 11 that after I got my ears pierced I wouldn't get any tattoos or put holes in my body.) Anyway, I don't plan on tattoos (though I've thought about it), but every time I come back with a hole in my face I have a bag of tears from her. So on a hot day in July I gather my boyfriend, my best friend (the one with the nostril piercing) and my courage and head to HALO. Apparently ANA was the only piercer on tap and I thought all piercers were created equal. Ana was suuuper rude to my boyfriend (if any of you Yelpers have met him you know that he in no way acts in a way to warrant rudeness.) She acted very condescending about the whole piercing process and if I had known what I know now I would have come back when someone else was there. But it's the first time "now or never syndrome." Well I pick out jewelry and she takes me back. We start talking about placement and at this point I have already paid. I tell her I would like the placement in the crease of my nose. I have thought about this part a lot. She asks me to flare my nose which I do and then tells me she cannot put the piercing in the crease because when and if I flare my nose it will not heal well. I continue to tell her that I'm sure it won't be a problem where I want it, but she refuses to pierce it unless I get it pierced where she thinks. So I go through with it. I took proper care of it, but my whole nostril swelled up and was so hard to the touch I could barely get a Q-tip inside to clean it. I went back in to HALO and spoke to Jeremiah and he offered some advice which combined with time helped. But it was so excruciating I thought about taking it out, or "Now the universe is punishing me for upsetting my mother." I found out from other pros I had look at it the flare up was most likely from the placement and, I have had other people say to me in passing, "Why isn't your nostril piercing in the crease" Every time this happens I think back to that day where I get mad at myself for not knowing better and at Ana for giving me the excuse that "it won't heal right" when it didn't heal right in the first place. I even complained at the counter to the guy, but they don't give refunds. I think that they should have re-pierced the hole for free since I wasn't happy. And as you can see I'm still not happy. I have returned to HALO to purchase jewelry and had another piercer pierce my septum which I have been soooo happpy with. I was discussing getting a lip piercing with another piercer at the counter when Ana walked out from the back and decided that her two cents would be that I couldn't get the piercing I wanted because my lip didn't protrude enough.... No one else has told me this and there is no problem with my lip. I have no idea what is up with all this Ana love, but she is not touching my face ever again in my patronage to HALO.
If you have a medical fetish (no fu***** lie) then you'll love this place. The people here act very superior to everyone else, like as if they have phd's in piercings. I had to ask a cupple times to actually get someone's attention. Ended up not getting a piercing here, which good choice, go to HTC, people are better, environment is better, and not as crazy prices.
Came here a couple of times to buy jewelry and once to accompany a former friend to get her nipples pierced. Their selection of jewelry is beautiful. I will be honest and give them that. Lots of ethinic jewelry, teardrop, anatometal, bone and organic jewelry. It's all showcased behind glass. The staff seems to be very knowledgeable at what they're doing and it seems clean and sterile. The issue I have about this place is the attitude and vibe I've gotten from the staff. Kind of pretentious, snooty, & stuck up. I understand being knowledgeable in your area of expertise but acting better & rude to your customers is unacceptable for business. According to some other reviews I've read here on yelp, I'm not the only one who has felt the same pretentious vibe from this place. I had my 18 year old daughter with me in my arms when my friend was going to get her nipple piercings. The moment I walked in I was kicked out because I had my daughter. She was asleep in my arms, behaving, not touching anything, and they told me she couldn't be in there because of the cleaners they used inside the place. It smelled no different than a doctors office and the door was wide open to ventilate inside. I have entered many clean & sterile piercing and tattoo shops before and never have I once been kicked out of such a place for having my daughter with me. I felt a bit discriminated against. They also did not go into detail as to what "harmful" cleaners they used that could cause damage to my daughter or how and why. I have a few close friends that work at tattoo and piercing parlors that find it weird they kicked me out because of her. And yes, the locations that they work at are clean and sterile environments because I have received tattoos and piercings from their job sites and they also have good reviews on yelp. Nonetheless I will not be giving my business to this place and will give my friends who work at their parlors my business instead. I will also check into HTC to give them a shot as well. Heard they are not as pricey as Halo and offer very good customer service and sterile equipment. What a shame for Halo because I was thinking about bringing my daughter to get her first ear piercings here but since this incident I have decided not to give them my money & business anymore. Sorry, Halo. You lost a customer.
I've never experienced customer service as tacky as I did today. I  was referred to Halo from a tattoo shop in the area that said they would definitely be able to assist me with my urgency on changing out some hardware. When I arrived, the attitude from the 2 female employees was disrespectful and unprofessional. Educated or non educated in piercing, you don't speak to someone in such a negative way. I will never return or recommend this shop. I know when I was pierced. I'm educated in the piercing I have. My piercing is a simple nose ring.
I feel like all these reviews are made up by the shops friends. Yes I will give that the shop is clean but the people there are incredibly rude! While you're looking at the jewelry through the glass casing they will move you to clean it, while waiting to get a piercing that I actually got turned down for, at least 4 people came in and got turned away. Bad business. And when asked if there was any other place to go to they said no and not trying to be helpful what so ever. Worst place ever! The only good thing about the place is it's next to Applebee's and Dutch brothers. Don't go there unless you want to be treated like crap.
UGH.  I was so excited to come in when I saw they had a large selection of jewelry.  I just needed a replacement for my barbell.  I called ahead and asked if they had jewelry for nipple piercings and was told yes they all kinds.  When I walked in and said I had called a few minutes ago and had asked about nipple piercings I was greeted by who I can only assume is the woman all the other bad reviews are talking about.  Woman with short blonde hair.  She immediately had a disgusting attitude with me saying ''well there's just so much merchandise we can't display it ALL"  ...I didn't ask to see it all, I just asked if you had a specific area of nipple rings.  She then pulled out a box for me and I asked if I could take off the lid to see the jewelry, I got a very snotty ''NO".  I have had my jewelry for several years and have no idea what the standard piercing size is and maybe that's my bad but I asked her what was the standard size and she was like ''12 or 14"  and then gave me a really fake smile like I was stupid for even asking.  Like, she was making absolutely no effort at all to seem hospitable and it was clear she didn't want to help me out.  I was polite and nice to her from the very start so there was no need for her to act like a raging bitch, which is exactly how she was behaving.  This is terrible customer service, when people come in with questions don't you WANT them to feel like they can ask questions  Don't you WANT the service   I WOULD HAVE bought jewelry but couldn't bring myself to give her ANY of my money after the display she put on.  Her friends were there hanging out and they seemed nice enough so I don't know what the hell her deal is but its not a good example to set when you're representing your place of employment.  I will tell everyone not to shop here if they encounter her because, frankly, she pissed me off.  I'm a friendly person and I'm sure the other people who had troubles with her are too, but I came very close to telling her just how rude she WAS being.  Take a customer service class please!
INCREDIBLY HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. After reading the MANY complaints about the short haired blonde woman that works here I thought why not add another. I've been here twice BC after my first bad experience I gave them a second chance. We've all had bad days and sometimes its hard to give customer service when a place is busy or you have bad customers but this woman is ridiculous. First time I went in there were TWO other ppl waiting, who I assume both were waiting to get pierced since they were sitting. My friend and I started looking around, they have a lot of unique jewelry which was a pleasant surprise. We were in there for 20 min before the blonde woman even acknowledged we were there, I would of walked out sooner but I was looking for a gift and saw something that was perfect. She first scolds me BC I grabbed the gauges that I wanted out of the case, which was unlocked and half open. I wasn't aware they were suppose to be locked, assuming a mistake made by her, and not to be touched. Quickly she snatched them out of my hand and asked me how I got them out..... BC in the 20 min I was standing right in front of you I jimmied the glass open to steal your merch...ridiculous. I asked how much they were, since nothing is priced and why customer service is vital in a situation like this. She acted annoyed, like I was bothering her. They were WAY over priced but it was a gift and I tend to spend more on gifts anyway. After I bought them she never said thank you or even acted like she wanted our business. Best part...I get home and the size gauges I bought aren't even the size it said and there are no returns. Bullshit. Went back like 3 months later and walked around waiting for help AGAIN for 20 min with the same short haired blonde chick and ended up walking out. This could be a cool place but will never be going back or recommending to anyone. Word of advice for shop owner....hire a better receptionist with some actual people skills and you may retain some business.
Well, I would love to have tried this wonderful food that I read about in the reviews, but I guess I never will.  King Solomon's Pizza lost my business on the first try by playing a game I absolutely cannot stand.I ordered my pizza over the phone. I was told it would be ready in 15 minutes, to which I thought was pretty fast.  As the gentleman who was taking my order was ready to hang up, I said "Don't you need my name and number". He replied that it wasn't necessary. That should have clued me in.So, I drive over to pick up my pizza.  I walk in and I'm greeted by a couple guys behind the counter.  I let them know I'm here to pick up my pizza that I ordered via phone and go on to describe it to them.  One guy tells the other what I ordered, conveniently ducks out as the other guy THEN begins to make it. REALLYSo I stop him and tell him why did I order over the phone if they had no intention of making it until I got there  He looks at me and all of a sudden can't seem to understand English and goes back to making the pizza.Nice try JERKS.  I tell him to forget it as I will take my business elsewhere.Apparently this is done because they do not trust the customer to show up and pay. This same technique was used on me before a Chinese restaurant in west Phoenix. Fool me once shame on me. Fool me twice, screw you!
i really did not enjoy my short time in this awful restaurant. The only reason i came here is because a friend of mine keeps kosher and we couldnt really find anywhere else to eat, so we came here. The service was crap. The waiter acted like a freaking diva, and the food was terrible. We were a party of 5 people, so we pushed 2 tables together. The retard waiter came up to our group and said we cant push tables together, so 5 people were stuffed on a table that was meant for 2 people ( un-freaking-believable).There were no prices on the menu nor on the large overhead lighted up menu next to the register, so we ordered an XL pizza assuming it would be $13-17ish. We then helped ourselves to some snapples which we later found out were $3.50...!!! wtf! who charges $3.50 for a little bottles of snapple!After we finish eating our nasty pizza ( even microwave pizza is better then their pizza) on our tiny table with a party of 5 we ask for the bill.The waiter comes to our table, throws the bill on the table as if hes doing us a favor and walks away...The bill came out to $45!!!! FOR ONE XL PIZZA!!!!!! ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME! IM NOT AT SOME FANCY RESTAURANT!This restaurant is seriously this little ugly 550 square foot room with a tiny kitchen in an ugly area off the strip. Who on earth do you think you are charging us $45 for a pizza. Freaking retards.We left $1 for tip. I even considered that too much.You give us jews a bad name, shame on you idiots.
We went there Motzi Shabbos 12252010, with my son, daughter-in-law and their two children.  I went to ask to clear messy tables so we could sit down and eat. I was informed that they would only do take out.  When you are in a hotel, it is hard to do take out and have warm food.  The waiter asked me if we wanted food to go.  Before I had a chance to answer, he gave a sigh and walked away from me.  I will never step foot there again and tell anyone who asks for kosher food in Las Vegas, not to go there.
YuckPizza tasted ok til we found a hair..Say what Yes a hair..Lady presumably the owner refused to believe it was true and we had to pay for everything..Also don't touch anything, it's all covered with some layer of goop.GrossEat at your own risk
If you like horrible service with a frown then why not give this place a tryBluntly speaking, this place is a pathetic excuse for a kosher pizza place. The food is ridiculously overpriced and their portions are small. You pay over 30 dollars for a extra large pizza the size of a medium, 9 dollars for garlic bread with a horrid bitter after taste, and the problems don't end there. With the food comes an old Israeli woman that gives you horrible service accompanied with a nasty attitude. Me and my friends are vacationing in Las Vegas, it's a hot summer day and we're parched and hungry, so we decide to come in. We pay an absurd amount for the food (see above), and when we asked the lady in charge if she could give us some garlic powder she replied with "I'll do it if I have time." She didn't seem busy at all and we never got the garlic powder. I really don't like to say this but I feel as if the people running this place are racist. It's like if you're not Israeli they don't treat you well. Those that were Israeli got service with a smile while those who weren't faced mean face from a short old lady. The restaurant is dirty  (Dusty, oily, and cracked tables) and stinky as well. (Pungent, musky odor)  When in Vegas come to the little hellhole that's off the strip: Adar's Pizza, a rip-off pizza at a rip-off price!
so incredibly overpriced!!! falafel balls are $1 a piece!!! and not even balls. they look like mud cakes. we got 1 eggplant parm, 1 pasta, 2 milkshakes, and 8 falafel balls. $70!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! a milkshake is $8!!! and it's cold milk with a ton of sugar on the bottom. waitress waited on all the tables alone and was in the kitchen most of the time. the location is so totally out of the way. food is gross, all just dumped on a plated and popped in the oven. plate is BOILING HOT, food takes a minimum of 30 minutes to prepare. i am NEVER EVER going back there. if you want good kosher pizza, go to Nina's Cafe on Flamingo.also, the menus are gross, laminated and filthy
This place don't need a makeover, it needs a bulldozer.It puts the whole community to shame.
We ate dinner at Haifa Restaurant on April 18th. This was most probably the worst dining experience that I have ever had. We were a group of 7. From the moment that we were seated, we were ignored. We asked for water three times, and eventually had to stand up and walk over to the server to insist on water. We then asked for lemons for the water, and again had to wait 30 minutes and 3 requests to get them. When the meals were bought to the table, the one vegetarian at the table did not get her meal. Her meal finally arrived after everyone else was done with their meals. We asked for ketchup, and again had to walk across the restaurant to demand it of the server after 30 minutes. The server gave us a lot of attitude telling us that things were slow because all the food is fresh and made to order. Lemons and Ketchup are fresh and made to orderThe food itself was mediocre and expensive. If you want a far superior kosher restaurant in Las Vegas, try Kosher On The Go.Yuck!
Terrible service. The guy was very mean. I'm glad I am just a tourist. But don't go here. There are other great kosher places around town. Jerusalem grill has a friendlier staff.
TERRIBLE. okay, so firstly, we ordered and all was good and fine... The woman assured me it would be a half hour. We ordered four orange chicken and egg rolls, combo salad and falafel and fries. An hour passes, and no delivery. I call and the woman assures me it's on the road but there is a lot of traffic..I look out our hotel window, there is very little traffic.Another hour passes and no delivery. Finally my sister who is not afraid to speak her mind calls and asks what happened. The woman hangs up on her  several times when she puts her on hold. The laast time my sister calls back and demands that she not be hung up on. The manager cuts our bill in half and says that it will be there in 15. They were timely on that, but they didn't bring us the combo salad, which was my mothers entire dinner. Didn't bother calling back because clearly this place is a hot mess and its not worth another 20 min on the phone. Food was meh. Service was awful.
I was dined in Haifa on May 13 with 2 more guys. This is probably the worse place I ever ate in my life! Food was not fresh at all and the service was really slow and bad.
Haifa Restaurant recently catered an event that I attended. The food was shockingly bad. The hor d'oeuvres were actually extremely good, so we had high hopes, but the actual meals were barely edible. And served on paper plates with plastic silverware! (and this was not food that could physically be cut with plastic). I did not visit the actual restaurant, so I cannot judge other than catering.
The food was not good and very expensive.The French fries were fried in old oil, the shawarma was very average.
My review of Imperial Market. Well, this would have been 2 weeks ago. Friday afternoon, 12pm. A friend and myself ventured in after seeing the place for a long time. We walked in, 2 gentelman working. We stood in the "lobby" for a few minutes and decided to seat ourselves. I noticed a family of 4 eating but no one else in the building. After 5 more minutes, watching one of the servers come in and deliver appetizers to said family, I grabbed menus for my friend and myself. I read said menu and decided on the wonderful sounding corned beef sandwich on rye, just like grandma used to make em. 10 minutes go by, said server delivers entrees and drinks to said family of 4. But not once does he look in our direction. Not once. So after a few more minutes we decide to leave, no service, you'd do the same, right As we are walking through their store to get to parking lot in the rear, one of the gentelman says, "Thanks guys.". REALLY  What do you think we did to recieve such service My grandparents were upstanding, WELL respected members of Arizona's Jewish community. And honestly would be apaulled by the way I was treated there. I have told several friends, (and strangers for that matter) about my expierence there and have heard similar stories from a few of them. To think that a place like this, for the people, by the people, would "profile" people and treat them with such disrespect. I will continue to rant about their poor service to anyone that will listen. Boy oh boy I wish my grandparents were around to hear this one...
The Fried Chicken was really dry, but it was also delivered to me in Scottsdale, so possibly it sat too long.  The vegetables with it had zero seasoning and half were fresh, the green beans were canned.
Overpriced items both in the store and on the menu compared to other kosher places in the area.
A friend and I stopped here after purchasing a $30 deal from Living Social. We won't be coming back. The guy had attitude with us from the beginning. We were going to order some spinach ravioli, they were out of spinach, no big deal. But when we said we needed a minute with the menu to pick something else, he ROLLED his eyes and walked away annoyed. Whatever, we brushed it off. We ate the eggplant appetizer and hummus, they were good, and then ordered some chocochinos which were tasty. Our bill came to $22, the value of our coupon was $30.  The guy came to our table and told us we has to use the full value. We didn't want anything else. We told him to just charge something and be done, we thought it was pointless and silly to order food that we weren't going to eat. Then we ran into a snafu because he couldn't find the name on his paperwork. He took my friend's phone back to the kitchen with him to figure it out. It took him like 10 minutes shuffling through his paperwork. My friend had to track him down to get her phone back, and he started telling her if he can't find her name that we will have to pay the bill anyways, but his tone was hostile and argumentative. Totally inappropriate. The young lady that was our server was great. She was sweet, apologized for his rudeness over and over, and we tipped her $10 and left. We won't be coming back.
The service sucks big time... we had to wait 20 mins for someone to take our order... we ask for water to start with and the glasses smell like fish... nasty... they kept bringin the wrong stuff... everyones food on the table came except mine... they messed up my order... seriously the place was a nightmare... food wasnt even that good... after the long wait for my food.. the guy said my food was complimentary... of course not... got charge... i had to reming the guy 3 times abt the ice coffee order which tasted like milk... no coffee... sucks sucks sucks... never go there
No breadNo mealNo waterPotatoes when asked for noneRudeLiterally ordered food and never received it.  Everyone else in my party did, but I was somehow forgotten.  When I inquired on the whereabouts of my food, the server actually ignored me...twice.  THen, they charged me for the entree I never received.  Unbelievable.  NEVER going back.
One star only because we weren't actually assaulted when we walked through the door. Never even ordered food. Went to wash my hands and there weren't any paper towels, which means the men were not going in there often enough to wash thier hands to notice. Turned around to walk out of the bathroom and spotted one of the biggest cockroaches I have ever seen. Me and my daughter walked right out. Which meant they had no customers, we were the only ones in there. Do yourself a favor avoid this place.
ARE YOU SERIOUS! Growing up in Israel i know israeli food and these guys are liars if they say they know what israeli food even is! The service here sucks! As soon as inwalked it it took 10 minutes for someone to notice me! I order the malawach... Theyre out! I order a pizza... Apparently no more cheese... I order an omelet and it takes 15 minutesBad service. Bad attitudes from the owner that approached us after too apoligies but ended up yelling at us... DONT GO HERE
I'm no shiksa, but I'm pretty sure "kosher" doesn't translate to "we're going to shaft everyone with outrageous prices because we're a niche market!" And yet, that's pretty much what you sign up for when you walk in the door here.Don't believe me For a bagel, wrap, or panini sandwich, you can expect to spend $12-20. I can get a gourmet burger at a celebrity chef establishment on the Strip for these prices.Their "Israeli" menu also boasts several pasta, pizza, and ravioli dishes, but go around the corner to the shwarma place for better shakshuka. And you can get the exact same burekas at Max Market two blocks away, for $1 each instead of $10.Unimpressed by what I saw on other diners' plates, I opted for the stuffed mushrooms. For just shy of $9, I received an order of five- considering they were roughly $2 per mushroom, they didn't seem fresh and were basically the same fried mushrooms you can get at any bar. The only thing "stuffed" about them was the scant teaspoon of white liquid inside that vaguely tasted like pesto.Service was polite, but quality doesn't justify the completely absurd prices. This is a completely average cafe. I can't even honestly call it an Israeli restaurant, kosher or otherwise.
I used to love this place, i dont kbow what changed, but the food tasted horrible, and when I tried to return a Salmon that the flavor was too strong (and I hardly ever return anything) and we didnt like it,  waitresd called me a thief. At  the end , they dindt charge     me for the salmon but they say I was steeling
Note: This review is based on a visit that happened some time ago, before I was active on Yelp.  So although this is not based on a recent experience, it was still an experience that made me not want to give this place a second chance.A friend and I visited this place in hopes of trying some good food we've never had before.  We're open to try just about anything.  Unfortunately during our visit, we were never really given the chance to try their food.  Upon entering we see a menu with lots of food items that we had never been introduced to at that time.  We let people go ahead of us in line to give ourselves a chance to scan the menu for things we wanted to try.  After a making our decisions we stepped forward and placed our orders.  At least, we think we did.  We looked at one of the workers in the eyes and told him what we wanted, and he acknowledged us; maybe not the food we ordered, but he acknowledged the fact that we were talking to him.  My friend and I shrug and continue moving forward in the line and get ready to pay.  Now for some reason, we became completely invisible to the employees.  We tried to see how much our meal was, tell them what we ordered, etc.  We were flat out ignored while the people in front of and behind us continued with their business, ordering food and then paying for it.  The two of us stood around confused and tried to get someone's attention to confirm that our order had been placed.  No such luck.  After getting frustrated with the customer service, a customer comes up to my friend and asks if his drink contains milk (we had stopped by It's A Grind and he had a frozen coffee drink).  We confirmed that milk was an ingredient, and the customer asked us to leave and finish the drink outside due to the restaurant being a kosher establishment.Having spent the time waiting in line, ordering, waiting to pay, being completely ignored and then being asked to leave by another customer, my friend and I left out of frustration.  This is the only time I've left an establishment frustrated and disappointed without even experiencing the servicesfood that they offer.
Ate last night and was greeted by an abrupt and annoying middle eastern man that seemed to mean well, but wouldn't leave me alone as a studied the vast selection of dishes.  If I had to guess, he's probably Israeli, and these people have an abrupt way about them -fine, no prob.I eventually just told them what I was looking for, and they suggested some sort of chicken plate.  I also had a snapple, and given this is basically a falafel stand, I was pretty surprised to be charged $22 for what I had ordered.   Given the food was mediocre AT BEST, and given it was served in a foam container in a fast food enviroment, I was dissapointed on the value front.  I've had WAY better middle eastern food at a fraction of the cost whether it be Lebanese, Persion or Afgan..Anyway, the part that really ruined the meal for me what fact that the other very kind (non-middle eastern) gentlemen who served me actually handled my pita with his bare hands, and he had two old, worn dirty band-aids on each of his thumbs which certainly came in contact wtih my food.  Absolutely disgusting, and totally lacking in any sort of basic food-service hygene.  The original guy was so annoying I didn't even bother bringing up the issue, I just tossed the pita bread in the trash when I got home and wondered how much food this guy touches with his dirty band-aid hands.All in all, $22 for a crap experience.
I have to give this a low rating, The owner Has another Restaurant in Mass. and is doing alright, Partly because he has the quick to the Strip locations, and yes Religios Jews DO come to Conventions....but, The Shwarma is put on his Greasy Black Griill, and he is almost as goos as Copperfield with his Magic, we had a party of 6 with 2 kid's, he will tell you he gonna make you a little this a little that and some Pita and Salad, with canned soda we were presented with a 180.00$ check!!, all but the couple that knew him from Boston got HOT, we actually got him down to 140.00 bucks, but c'mon...God is watching ALL of us Romy!!
Over priced and no flavor in anything that I ordered. Once you step in the door they swarm you and pressure you to order. I spent 50$ for lunch! 2 chicken plates and side of hummus! One of the worst places in Vegas! By far...
They charge $20 for delivery on top of whatever your food cost. I live 3 miles away. ripoff
When my girlfriend and I first walked in, there was nobody behind the counter, but three people were sitting at tables. One was (I assume) a customer, though he had no food. The other two people were employees. After about 20 seconds of wondering what to do and a few weird looks from them, one of them stood up and went behind the counter to help us.As we decided on our selections, the guy behind the counter gave us two pieces of falafel to try with the hummus. It was delicious! It was also the only positive thing about this experience.We decided to try the falafel sandwich meal that is advertised on the outside of the building. The man behind the counter grabs two pitas and slices them with a blade. He then tucks it in nicely to make a pocket for the ingredients, all of this with his BARE HANDS. My girlfriend and I looked at each other with the same realization: he never washed them from sitting at the table in the lobby on his cell phone. When I asked for hummus in my sandwich, he rudely stated that it came with it. Okay, not a great first impression. But maybe he was having a bad day, I thought. He proceeded to add ingredients to my sandwich that I did not want, and he did not ask me, though he did ask my girlfriend. Weird. He then literally threw our sandwiches in a bag, slammed the bag on the counter in front of us, gave us two drinks, and gave me the total. About $17. While hesitant at the thought of his unwashed hands making our sandwiches, I asked if he took American Express because it wasn't on the list of accepted cards near the register. He gave me a loud, rude "yes" right in my face that actually took me aback. He then flicked my card on the counter and threw the pen for me to sign. I don't know what was going on, but it was very weird, angry, unwelcoming vibes coming from that place. Never again.
The food here is okay but the ownercashiercookbusserhost is extremely ride and has no idea what service or sanitation is at all! After touching the register he begins to hand toss the salad with his unwashed hands.... Not only over price but not clean either!
I liked the food but the customer service ruined it... Only the woman was working in the kitchen and was very courteous... Two other male employees were watching football and were jerks. There was this short fat dude with a goatee and he was an absolute jerk and did not pay any attention and was engrossed in the football game. The poor lady was all by herself. If it was not for her, I would have stormed out.
Ordered a "Houmos Kabab in Pita". Something inside was very rotten. Inedible garbage. Paid for some hummus on the side for $4 and was given a tiny to-go dipping cup of it. Do NOT come here. This is the first time a place was so bad that I took time to make a review.
This place could have been amazing, I'll never know.My husband, who is vegetarianvegan, and I, being Vietnamese, thought this would be a great place to try during our visit to PHX this past weekend. The trouble started when the owner, a white man, asked me why I didn't have a "vietnamese nose". I was taken aback, and did not know how to respond. I said, "what do you mean" he replied, "you know, wider and flatter. You know, my wife is Chinese and raised in Vietnam." I was flabbergasted. I mean, I know he wasn't intending to be hurtful or borderline racist or whatnot, but it really bothered me that he felt he could say this to a complete stranger, let alone a patron in his restaurant, and that he felt justified simply because his wife is asian All I could muster up was "uhhh you'll find that people can look a variety of ways."  I don't know, even though he apologized, my husband and I were left with a very bad taste in our mouths and we ended up leaving before we could order. The owner was just weird, unprofessional, and inappropriate. It doesn't matter if the food is good, we weren't even able to get to that point.  It all turned out great though, because we ended up going to Green (see my review) that was close by, and it ended up being even better.
Eek! Methinks not, indeed!Okay, I never usually give a place a 1 star because I have this moral dilemma with it... BUT, I also never usually walk out of a restaurant. So, I walked in, was awkwardly greeted, and told to have a seat. It was lunch time, so the place was full, but not overflowing with stressed out customers. In all honesty, it was a typical lunchtime scenario inside. *I'd also like to note that I read reviews for slower than average service, so I was prepared to wait a little extra to try the food*Once I sat down, I noticed the server bringing menus over to the patrons that entered immediately before me, but he never came over with one for me. I decided to patiently wait for the next five minutes. That's when I started overhearing the conversation at the table next to me, and to sum it up:I don't know if we can stay and eat, we might have to get it to go.. We've been waiting a long time.Again, that's not verbatim, but it's exactly along those lines. I figured the reviews were right about the food prep times, and continued to wait. After a few more minutes passed by, another couple walked in, were acknowledged and seated, and after a minute, they were given menus (This is about 8-10 minutes in). It was then that the server came over with water for the first couple that had walked in before me. He then walked back to the drink area and brought out two more glasses of water for the couple that came in almost ten minutes after me. With no menu, water or sense of appreciation for wanting to spend my money at Fresh Mint, I got up and walked out.A good way to lose a customer is to not serve them. With service complaints since 2008 on Yelp, I really think something needs to be done. That was unbelievably insulting.
I see that other people here have had a similar experience as myself. The food is well-prepared, but it's nearly imposssible to get service! When I was there, I saw only 5 other people in the place. There were two waiters, and the owner, and the cook in the kitchen. I had to get up out of my seat to get noticed. The wait staff just stood there are stared at the ceiling. What Not ever glancing over at the customers. When I paid my check, the owner NEVER came back with my change. I had to get up (again) and ask for my change. He didnt even remember I paid him. Again, the place was not crowded. The food is average. Certainly not better than what I can prepare at home!
UPDATE!One of my favorite dinners to pick up is (was) Fresh Mint's vegetable fried rice, which in my numerous other experiences consisted of rice, vegetables, tofu, and veggie meat all pan-fried in some kind of sauceseasoning. I ordered this tonight, choosing once again to overlook the ridiculous prices and terrible customer service for some delicious food. When asked which kind of rice I wanted, I said brown, and I asked for the onions to be removed. I was told my food would be ready in 20 minutes, so I arrived in 30, knowing FM's slow nature, only to be told (not very politely) that my food was still cooking and to wait. 25 minutes later, I finally got my food, paid, and left without so much as a "thank you for waiting" or "sorry for the wait". Oh well, at least I knew my food would be as amazing as always. I rushed home, and alas! It was time to chow down on my.... burnt and unseasoned WHITE rice, chock-full of onions, missing the veggie meat, and with only 3 pieces of tofu! Uh oh.Lesson learned: the drive and the money you'll spend to eat from Fresh Mint will get you nothing more than almost an hour of wasted time and food far different and worse than what you ordered. And after I've supported you all these years, FM Sigh.
BACK STABBED - THIS FOOD IS NOT FOR VEGGIES OR VEGANS !! "This is NOT for the extremely high prices for the food."These people are adding eggs in their cakes and other items and serves along vegan dishes. They asked us to try some vegan desserts after main course and we ordered carrot cake (they did not tell us this before that they had eggs in it)I heard somebody talking and asking ingredients and I also asked and then they disclosed. I was seriously annoyed with this service. When I asked owner why the hell they are serving this nonsense cakes to cheat on customers, and he explained proudly that they are kosher and no vegan bakeries in Scottsdale, AZ!! I explained two times that why cake is so important!  Can't they serve vegan desserts apart from cake s if they are not available, in a vegan restaurant and he could not understand or accept it.I see a clear strategy to make couple of more dollars on every order without notifying customers in the name of cakes having eggs.BEWARE THIS IS NOT A VEGAN RESTAURANTS IT HAS ANIMAL INGREDIENTS IN MANY OF THEIR ITEMS!!!I had drunk lots of salt with hot water later on and had 3-4 vomits after it by manually inserting fingers in my throat to clean my stomach.NEVER VISIT AGAIN!
Thought this would be a cute cafe for lunch. It is only asian no other choices on the menu. Ordered appetizers to start as this is my first time here. I am vegetarian as I do occasionally eat eggs and cheese but this place did not impress. I ordered the kabobs and they were saturated in a thick sauce that smelled burnt as if they scalded it while cooking. It was thick like ketchup ruining the point of fresh vegetables. My friend ordered the cucumber rolls and they were just a sliver of cucumber with a huge chunk of unseasoned tofu and a carrot and maybe a radish sliver. There was another very heavy peanut sauce on the side. My friend said the flavor of the peanut sauce was ok but the rolls needed some flavor and sauce heavy for the dish. Unfortunate because I would love to find a nice vegan place close to home. Will stick to true food, green or loving hut.
My first visit will be my last.  I met a friend and we had to wait 10 minutes just to be acknowledged and get a water.  Then had to literally beg for a refill...I had to walk to the kitchen myself to ask for more.  It took 30 minutes to get our order taken and then another 20 to get the food...horrible!  The owner was running around crazily being that he was short handed but there is still a minimum of courtesy and professionalism that should be given.  We were just given the shoulder shrug and look of craziness.  Not a way to handle new customers.  The food was below average.
The only reason I am giving this 1-Star rating is because they use STYROFOAM To-Go containers!!!  Ugh...really.  We love the food there at Fresh Mint but we won't be back until they buy a more eco-friendly To-Go container.  They can raise their menu prices 10 cents an item to cover the cost.  I doubt their customers would even notice.  I sure hope the owner reads this.  The owners are from Hawaii and I expect more from them in the way of sustainability.  EcoWare.com is just one of many environmentally friendly container companies.  I hope the owners take my advise and GO GREEN!Please echo my feelings the next time you visit Fresh Mint.  And, while you're at it...tell them not to serve water without the customer asking for it.  This isn't Hawaii, it's the desert.  Thank you for listening...:)
Place was dead on a Saturday night at 7pm. Now I know why. The food was horribly overpriced and the portions are small. $14 for 6 little pieces of soy chicken, vegetables, and brown rice C'mon. Spent $33 on takeout for 3 small portion items. Ate them all then fell ill the rest of the night from heartburn, indigestion, and bloating. First and LAST time to The Fresh Mint! Change your menu and portions or be closed by this time next year.
Service was terrible and not accommodating of dietary needs. What I ended up with, because they wouldn't substitute anything was a very small and way over-priced meal. Server knowledge also lacking, which could've been fine, but information was made up to tell us what was thought we wanted to hear. When it turned out it was the opposite of what "we wanted to hear," the server THEN checked with the kitchen, who magically gave the opposite answer. We also sat for 5-10 very long minutes while the server started the two tables that walked in after us.  It was just a really annoying experience for what should have been a quick lunch.
This place would not last a day in New York. The owner is an absolute moron who thinks he has perfected the way to cook meat. Until you actually try the meat. He might serve you a pound of meat, but 34 of the meat is laced with fat. I ordered the brisket and a cup of matzoh ball soup. Well Robert Levy uses lipton cup of noodles in his soups, not real noodles. His brisket was texas style, tough and fatty, not even close to Jewish deli standard-bearer Carnegie. The place was empty at 12:30pm which should tell you something. Go to the Mirage and spend $5 more and you nwill get a real "jewish" deli standards. This guy should have stayed retired.
I would have loved to review the food here but unfortunatly I never got the chance. My wife and I went to Levy's yesterday around 12:30 with a groupon. When we got to the empty restaurant we were seated and handed the waitress the groupon. She informed us  that the ticket was only for dinner and that dinner started at 1pm. They are only open until 3pm on Sun and Mon. The coupon was for a potatoe pancacke, 2 sandwhiches and 2 drinks. I asked her if there was a different menu for lunch and dinner and she said no it was the same. She said we could hold onto the coupon and use it next time we come. I was amazed that they would not honor this coupon for 30 minutes in a dead restaurant. I asked to speak to the manager who came over to us with such an attitude. She did not even say hello or ask if she can help. She just told us that they dont serve dinner on Sunday and Mon and that the coupon was only good for tues-sat. When I told her that it did not say that anywhere on the coupon she told me that they have the right to make up whatever hours they want on it. I informed her that I work swing shift and my only days off are Sun and Mon and she said that was not her problem and we should have called first to see what hours they would honor the coupon. Right then and there I knew we were dealing with someone who had no clue  about customer service and gave up. Being a native New Yorker and always looking for a good jewish deli, I was very disappointed that we didnt get to try  the food. I would not go back there if the meal was free. With so many choices in Las Vegas a place like this does not deserve to be in business a minute longer.
I came because I wanted perogi's.I was disapointed.Haven't returned since the first time.
I'm cleaning up my draft reviews and was here 21712 so this bad review is long overdue. I'm no decorator but the black and yellow outside colors make you think you're in a Western Union or some check cashing place...which would probably make better bagels and whitefish salad anyway!  Round bread with a hole in the center does not mean it's a bagel! Tasted more like pretzel dough but more bland. They sell Dr. Browns in bottles which is always good but no Celrey soda  I don't know about the deli meat because i was going just for breakfast bagelfish but as far as bagels are concerned I guess it's better than Lender's bagels or a Fast food chain. The whitefish salad was too loose and with no discernible whitefish flavor. Ain't nuttin New Yawk about this place food wise.
I was excited to have a pita shop so close to home, however watching the cook heat up pre-cooked meat was not what I expected.   Watched the cook open the drawer under the cook top to retrieve the pre-cooked meat and then slam the drawer with his foot numerous times.  The chicken pita that I received tasted like pre-cooked boiled chicken.  For the price, I expected way more.  Wont be returning.
Holy balls!  What a shit show!  How about having an adult help run the place!  Let me preface this that I really, really wanted to like this place, being that it's so close to my house. I waited 25 minutes for two pitas.  The cook forgot my double meat, which I had already paid $2.00 for. They asked me if I had wanted double meat and I told them that that was what I had ordered. They told the cook to throw some more meat on the grill, but at that point I just wanted to get the F out of there. I told them to forget the extra meat and said that I just wanted to leave. The girl, obviously seeing that I was irritated, handed me my food, smirked at me and said "Have a great day!".As for the food, it was ok. All processed meats. I probably could've made it at home.
***attention manager**** your employees are going to make someone very sick!!!!!!***attention manager****someone should let the employees know that wearing gloves doesn't keep food clean when they use the same gloves to take money from customers.  i really hope you're not training these employees to do this. it's disgusting and dangerous.***attention manager**** your employees are going to make someone very sick!!!!!!***attention manager****
I was pretty excited when I saw a Pita Pit in the parking lot on Power and Ray. I used to go to the one on mill during my ASU days, so I was all but forced by my inner will to forego Chipotle for Pita Pit.Maybe it was because it's Labor Day, but the lights were super dim, the two girls were sitting down eating, and if I didn't know better, the place looked closed.The food was okay. It was pre cooked meat. The girl didn't know how to make my sandwich, I had to tell her what goes on it. I just don't remember the one on Mill being this bad...In general, I may give it another shot, but I won't skip my Chipotle fix again.
This was the most flavorless pita I have ever had.  To top it off I asked for RED ONION and the person gave me ROASTED RED PEPPERS.  I even asked again if he added onion and he said yes.  Uh boy...$10 later and I didn't even eat 12 of it.  Too expensive to waste my money on tire tread gyro sandwiches.
Stopped in finally after my vegetarian wife insisted we try it.   Picked up two Falafel pitas per the girls suggestion for a first timer.  My wife wasn't present.   To go please.  Sat down and waited.  Another employee walked in and started talking to her.   A bit later she came out with two pita''s clearly not ready to walk out the door.  Simple said these were to go and she turned around and walked back.  5 minutes later she walked over again with the two sandwich and no bag.  Asked politely if she had a bag and she said yes, would you like one  I decided to wait at the counter because she clearly kept loosing focus.  Handed me my food and I left.   My wife's initial response.  Was this made today  Yuck.   Head out to Chipotle honey.I just guessing that this place has potential but lacks management to watch over this place until they get some good employees..  Said we really need healthy options in this area.
Despite living in PIttsburgh for most of my life, I've somehow managed to never eat at Max's Allegheny Tavern until recently.  My initial impression of the restaurant was positive - the place had an old neighborhood feel to it, a small crowd was drinking at the end of the antique hardwood bar, and the German murals on the walls made me crave an icy-cold German lager with a stout head of foam.  I thought about how well German potato salad would taste with that beer.  So I grabbed a seat at the bar and eagerly awaited the first taste of my beer.And I waited...and waited...and waited some more - for over 15 minutes before someone came around to take the order.  Actually that isn't quite accurate.  Two employees came around - one to the end of the bar, and one behind the bar directly opposite me.  Both of them stared at me.  Neither one greeted me or asked me what I would have like to order.  I stared back, incredulously, and even made a "what's going on here" palms-extended-upward-shoulder-shrug gesture.  Neither one took the hint.Finally a third employee came around the bar and took my order.  Great, I thought to myself, finally that beer.  She served the beer in a Mason jar.  WTF!  Who serves imported German lager at a German restaurant in a freaking Mason jar  Max's does.  The beer was devoid of its head, likely the result of a bad beer pour andor a less than perfectly clean glass (an endemic problem with Pittsburgh restaurants, in my observation).  I was sad.  I quaffed my beer quickly in an attempt to salve my irritation and opened the menu.My first impression of the menu can be summed as follows: "Uh-oh".  The menu is huge with a number of "slow-food" stews and braises.  The restaurant is more than half-empty.  How can a restaurant prepare such a large number of menu items, including more than a few labor-intensive dishes, freshly every day and still stay in business when the place isn't even half-full  Answer: They can't.  The food isn't fresh.I ordered the Wiener Schnitzel.  I love properly prepared Wiener Schnitzel.  Made with fresh butterflied veal breast, slightly pounded and seasoned, well-coated in fresh bread crumbs, and pan-fried in clarified butter until golden brown on the outside and juicy on the inside, Wiener Schnitzel is the ultimate comfort food.  Sadly, Max's Wiener Schnitzel had nothing to do with properly prepared Schnitzel.  The veal was super-thin, had a texture that strongly suggested it had been mechanically processed, and tasted as if it was pre-breaded and frozen.  It wasn't pan fried either.  The breaded, frozen, puck was simply dropped into a fryolater - where the breading puffed out and fell off of the meat in places (which doesn't happen when the cutlet is resting against the cooking surface under its own weight as when the dish is properly pan-fried).  The edges of the sad Schnitzel had curled up and it looked a horrible mess on the plate.  Curly Schnitzel!  My stomach dropped.My sides, German potato salad and braised red cabbage, were equally awful.  The German potato salad had an unnatural glossy sheen - the kind that typically comes from bottled sauces that contain high fructose corn syrup.  The "bacon" in the dressing was nothing more than tiny flecks of some sort of processed, possibly faux, "meat".  The potatoes were suspiciously uniform in thickness and roundness - exactly the homogeneity that is found in pre-peeled, pre-sliced, vacuum-sealed processed potatoes.  It was a gluey, sickly sweet, mess.  I didn't have more than a bite or two.  The braised red cabbage didn't taste fresh - it tasted like it had been sitting in a steam table for a day or two and my order was its last chance to be eaten.  Max's Allegheny Tavern bills itself on their web site as, "The Best in German Fare.  The Best in Service".That's total bullshit.  It's awful - both for service and fare.If you want good, authentic, German fare (in which the Schnitzel is properly pan-fried to order and delicious), join the Teutonia Mannerchor down the street.  I'll never return.
I must of been eating at another Max's in a pararell universe!Food was terriable, service was worse! Went and got Sushi!
My husband and I have been to this restaurant many times over the past 20 years and went for sandwiches tonight. Sorry to say it was the worst food we have ever eaten at this place. Reuben sandwich was greasy and had little meat. Sweet potato fries were not edible. We ate at a table at the bar and told Andy our bartender but got zero satisfaction. Since we've had such a bad experience and no effort by the restaurant to remedy a BAD MEAL, be warned!
Maybe I just don't like German food but was very unhappy with all the food I tasted. It could have been what I ordered I was disappointed with the selection of food as well. I ordered a Chicken Salad Sandwich and it had way too much sauce on it. My husband let me try a bite of his Rueben which was really good. My kid's loved the authenticity of the restaurant which made it worth it to see them so happy. I wouldn't choose to go back but I am guessing it's probably bc German food isn't my thing.
NOT repeat Not for celiacs! The kitchen ignores whatever the server tells them. When the meal comes out wrong, everyone else is done before the plate comes back out. The manager apologizes, but it they don't take it seriously, this happened both times we've been here, but we won't be back. I like the food, but I don't like dining alone.
Very disappointing...My wife & I had lunch here this past weekend, and were really looking forward to it, as we ate here years ago and really liked it.  I don't know why it's so bad now; maybe they've Americanized the food to attract more non-German customers.  But my wife is from Bavaria, and this ain't Bavarian food!The potato soup had absolutely NO flavor whatsoever.  The jagerschnitzel wasn't breaded normally, and the mushroom gravy wasn't very good.  The sauerkraut tasted like it was served from a can, and NO German restaurant should be serving mashed potatoes!The only good thing about the place was that they had Franziskaner Heifenweiser, although they were charging $7 a bottle!And to top things off, their prices are very expensive.  Lunch for two was over $70!
I don't understand all the glowing reviews of this place.  The mashed potatoes and gravy were INSTANT and kraut came from a can.  I cannot say enough that for 12.50, someone had better have at least BOILED the potatoes.  Over priced, it deserves to be on Kitchen Nightmares.  Unless we just happed to be there on the one day in their history to have used instant and prepackaged things, I would pass it on by.  Their kitchen has at least 3 microwaves visible from the dining area, and they charge for lunch avg $15 a plate  No thank you.
I went here a couple of weeks ago and I really expected it to be a lot better. It's crazy expensive for what you get. And I think the ownersservers could benefit from taking the food handlers permit class again. They brought the wrong dishes out to my boyfriend and I. Without thinking my boyfriend removed the tomatoes (with his fingers) from the sandwich then realized and remembered he didn't order a sandwich. When the serverowner came over to fix the situation my boyfriend apologized that he already touched the tomatoes the server picked them up off the table and as he walked away he put them back on the sandwich!!! Who would ever do such a thing!!! Luckily when he served it to the other table something was still wrong because he ended up taking it back to the kitchen. Needless to say I will not be going back to this restaurant,
Hello my name is ougole I come from germany 5years now I came here to eat with my wife of 50 years. The food here is terible it cost me a marrige . Me and my beautiful wife came in here to eat and food was bad, when I tasted the food it was so bad that I spated it on the wife, she was so mad she yell and kicked me she scream and yell to go to hell this place cost me 107 plus a marriage.
Wish I had seen these reviews before going. I will keep it simple. In my opinion this place is a total rip-of as far as the prices charged and the qualityauthenticity of the food served. I must say the portions were large, but i guess they have to get rid of the stuff somehow.
Really overrated for 'German' food'. They used to be good, but in the past year or so the food had really gone down hill and the prices are not reasonable. The beer used to be my reason to go, but ven the beer is not brewed there anymore. I wish they did not sell out to a group that may shut down the restaurant. Go to Max's down the street for better food and support a local business. With this management they will not be around for long.
This place is not what it once was. it is a shell of its self, with outsourced beer production, canned food, and bad service. Sorry to be so negative, it has earned it however.
Worst place ever!  So disappointed and will never waste my time going back. How are you a brewery but are out of all your beers  Not only are you out of beers but half the menu was unavailable. The only thing available were frozen veggie burgers and really thin fried pork. Service was pretty bad too. I'll just stop there. Good luck to those who choose to go!!!
Took a cab from downtown to catch dinner about 30 mins before their publicized kitchen close time. They closed the kitchen early and said they can't help me. Great. Glad I called ahead of time. Now I'm in the middle of nowhere and starving.
Horrendous food - like someone who has never cooked before tried to recreate German delicacies using only their imagination and ingredients from the supermarket in the bad part of town.I ordered beef rouladen with cabbage and bacon, the beef was tough, the cabbage tasted like it came out of a can, and the brown sauce covering it all was like something the worst Chinese food restaurant in Nebraska would put on its chicken and broccoli. A floppy  uncooked piece of bacon found floating in this sauce was nausea inducing. The waiter, who could see how uncomfortable I was took it away and I ordered potato pancakes, feeling relatively confident that any restaurant can handle latkes. Another disaster - that I ate because I was two beers deep at that point - greasy, soggy giant discs of grated potato that had a raw taste and texture. If it weren't for the generous amount of sour cream and apple sauce - which I have to assume weren't made in house - I would have sent those back too. As is after eating their potato pancakes I went to another restaurant to have an actual meal, because I had been made joyless and despondent by Penn Brewery's failure to accomplish the most simple kitchen tasks. The beer is okay, not nearly as good as Church Brew Works and definitely not memorable considering the competitive landscape in the world of craft brewing - and I say that not even having traveled to that many breweryrestaurants, so even on its home turf Penn beer is forgettable. The service was appropriately apologetic considering the garbage plated that night and the space itself is well laid out and attractive. As is I would never go back, I might be tempted if I had strict assurances that the current management and culinary team were thrown out ala Kitchen Nightmares but even then I would need to see a good review. Thanks to the waiter in the white shorts who didn't charge me for the food, I hope you lead a coup and save the Penn Brewery from itself.
WOW. What happened to this place!! It WAS one of my favorites.Apparently a change in chef is partly to blame. He apparently has a thing for muenster cheese. This in turn has also produced a change in the menu - neither for the better.My old standby was the Kielbasa Rueben, which is now the "German" Rueben. Which apparently means it can't have a potato pancake, sauerkraut, swiss cheese, or Russian dressing. It now comes with braised red cabbage, muenster cheese, and hot bacon dressing....a step down after sampling. The "Northsliders" from the app. menu are now also gone. One 'positive' about the menu is that it seems everything on it is now available all day as opposed to having separate lunch and dinner menus. Visiting on a GORGEOUS Saturday afternoon, like any normal person I wanted to dine al fresco. Nope, patio not open until 4. Whaaa Ok whatever. Tried the sausage platter and intended to try the Deutschtown burger. Unfortunately since I only said 'burger' when I ordered I just got the basic or classic burger. Who orders one of those anyway unless it's on a kid's menu I'll take the hit for that I guess, I should have been more clear. But apparently ordering it with no bun also means you don't get pickles or mustard. It was fine, but it sure isn't worth $10. Same story with the sausage platter. $15 for 3 pieces of sausage Where the only skill involved in preparing it is turning on the burner. And what kind of kielbasa is that Not anything I grew up eating. Disappointed in the changes....but at least the beer is still good!
Beer was good but food was mediocre at best. I will not be going there ever again because I did not feel welcome. Not impressed with service.
I've given this place 3 tries. Each time hoping that I'm going to like it as the outside space and ambiance tells me I should. I just can't get past the mediocre food and choices of beer. I've said before I'm not a beer drinker. But I usually find something, except here. This was another stop on the brew tour I took my brother on while he visited. Even he, as a beer lover, didn't even want to try anything that was offered.That's all for me. I won't try again.
Food service quality when one would expect scratch German cooking.This was our first time there and getting a second in will take something really special.Service was horrid.  We were a table of 2.  A table of 7 and another of 2, both arriving after us, had their orders taken, delivered, and their checks given to them all before us.  I understand that can be considered an isolated incident.To boot, our food wasn't right and they forgot my soup.  And despite my wife starting out with Penn Gold and specifying it as such for the second, they still delivered the wrong beer the second round.  Again...both could be considered isolated incidents.3 pierogies for the price on the menu...$7 or $8, depending.  And they're not classified as  appetizers.  Because of that you're expecting a meal-sized portion.  Not even close.That's quite the stack of bad incidents in a single meal!The poor quality of food vs. what was expected was the icing on the cake.If you're going to drink and have some apps, they're my favorite brewery in PA, and apps are apps.  Don't expect anything special in the food.  Go to Denny's afterwards.HUGE dissapointment.
One of the worst experiences I have ever had at a brewery or winery. Sat down at a table for 3 in the bar area. 3pm on 1226. Half-empty. After 7 minutes and not being helped, despite 3 servers + a bartender, I walked to the bar and asked the bartender if we could order from him or if someone was coming to the table. He said someone would be there in a minute. 5 minutes later, timed btw, not one person came up to us, yet checked on various tables to see if people who already had placed orders or had food were ok. The bartender knew we were waiting, saw multiple servers come up to the bar, and said nothing. Sorry, but 12 minutes to wait for sometime to come by a table for a couple of beers is absolutely ridiculous. As we walked out, we passed one of the servers who didn't even acknowledge us, even though she had seen us waiting there. This place should be ashamed of its unbelievably poor customer service. Truly appalling. Have a great beer somewhere at the strip and skip this brewery.
I can't believe the other reviews I have read, it's like I went to a completely different restaurant. Lets start from the beginning, as we walked into the restaurant I was greeted by our soon to be waitress smoking a cigarette two feet from the door. Appetizing. Then after being seated and getting some pretty tasty bread I went to the salad bar.  YIKES!  Can you say e-coli  This also brings me to the word of the night was luke-warm.  This applied to my husbands beers, to the salad bar and to the food that took an hour to be served.  Did I mention that I was served the wrong food.  And not just a little wrong but completely a different dish.  After I recieved what I actually ordered I decided to stick with the bread.  The beef was a salt lick, and the dumpling was as solid as a brick.  This place was such a disappointment.  I felt sick after leaving and needless to say I will not be back.
I took my parents to Bavarian Point on word of mouth. I should have used YELP!   I am sad to report that this was the worst experience I've ever had. From the moment we walked in - there was a lack of attention. I honestly thought it was a seat yourself type of place, because there was NO ONE, NO ONE in the front to great you. Now, I've never been to a German restaurant and it can be a bit overwhelming. I don't know what the hell to order! It made it worse that the menu was in German, I get that I am in a German place, but last I knew - we aren't taught German in school and when the person came around to take our order, I swear it was at least 30 min. Terrible!  While we were waiting for our mystery food my mom found a baby roach on the table! She trapped it under her water glass that was empty, due to lack of service - but THAT WAS IT!  We walked out - we had to... All I can say is Good Luck to you if you eat there! May there not be any roaches in your food or table!PROST!
Very bad food!
DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME!!! We have been driving by this place for years and finally decided to try it out. It was bluntly a WASTE of a date night. We arrived at 7:30pm, and after four different wait staff simply looked at us and kept going about whatever they were doing we decided to leave. As soon as we opened the door we were told a table was ready but the busboy. We should have kept walking out the door, but unfortunately decided to give the place a try even though we were never greeted. Once we were seated the waitress took our drink and appetizer order. The coffee was horrible, and the ice tea was flavorless even with lemon. The salad bar was pathetic and the soup was mediocre at best. We placed our order within ten minutes of being seated. Thirty minutes later the waitress came by to ask if we would like dessert. We hadn't even received our dinner yet and she was asking if we wanted dessert!! I told her this, and 15 minutes later we received our plates. By this time our frustration level with the experience was quite high, and we immediately asked for carry-out containers. The potatoes from dinner taste like boxed potatoes and not seasoned well. I ordered something with rolled beef with carrots and pickle in it. It could have tasted good if the meat wasn't dried out. I'm 34 German but didn't grow up eating German food, so it this is an Authentic German eating experience I am forever thankful for my American food upbringing.This was an unpleasant experience on every level, although I will say our server was nice even if the service wasn't. The $55 bill was definitely a cruel joke for such tasteless, and crappy experience.
We visited here for lunch and were somewhat disappointed.  My friend, a real German, ordered roulade, red cabbage and mashed potato.  The roulade was fine but it wasn't really hot.  The mashed potatoes were definitely from a box - not fresh.  The red cabbage was OKish but only lukewarm.We probably would not return - would probably try Zur Kate, which is in the same strip center.
When we arrived at 6pm for dinner, the restaurant was busy but not full.  We were seated fairly quickly.  Then ignored for 30 (yes thirty) minutes, no kidding here.  We finally got bread and water from the single bus person in the entire place after about 10 minutes.  I asked one of the waitresses for help, after she took an order from a table that came in well after us.  She said she didn't know where our waitress was.  It appeared there were only two, and the one who sat us was our waitress.  The one who sat us was busy taking the order of a large table that also came in after us.  So once again, we asked the "not our" waitress who was annoyed I was asking her again and still didn't even attempt to get us any service.  The ONLY reason we waited as long as we did was my father wanted to take us to this place.  So finally, at 6:30 we left and went to Zur Kate, another German restaurant in the same parking lot.  Which was good all the way around, live accordion music was fun. Service with a smile instead of annoyance.  The food was pretty good and the prices were much better as well.  But hey - if you like water and bread (ok, the bread was good) then head on down to Bavarian point.
Disgusting food, everything was Gross! Do not eat here! Two hours after being polite and actually eating some of the Jager Schnitzel I was Vomiting! I would give this place a negative star rating if possible.
Those that love this type of heavy, savory and filling food would give it a most favorable review.  That being said I gotta go with 2 stars for being overpriced and not good.Perhaps German food is an acquired taste but in my book it was not prepared with care and it showed.  Nobody in our party was happy with our choice of restaurants and for sure none of us will return.  Btw it is expensive and we had no drinks either.The waitperson acted like she wanted us outta there.
well the waitress was good, our daughters dinner came out 10 minutes late, the food was just about the worse food i have ever received from a restaraunt. yuuuck.the atmosphere was cool but I'm there too eat and the food was just sub par for anyones taste or culture.
After reading all the reviews I am wondering if we were in the same place. Usually when I go to a restaurant I can say the food tastes (good or bad), but going tonight we had food that had no taste. My boys had the brats and they tasted like water, no spices AT ALL! While the cabbage was good ( and also the service), I think the gravy, rye bread and cheese were bought off the rack from across the street....nothing German about it! Considering that two adults and two young boys had dinner and drinks ( soda and two very small beers) we had a $50 bill. It is not enough any more to just put out tasteless food, even if it was an off night.
I really dislike writing reviews like this, but according to yelp's rating guide this is the best I could give them given what happened the night we had dinner there. I'll start off with rating how I would have rated the place up until what occurred at the end of the meal. The atmosphere is really cute and decorated like a little rural German pub. Our German friends came with us and said it was straight out of a 1960's little German town. We were seated promptly and service was pretty good. There were about 6 or so tables and just one woman serving so we waited a little bit but not bad. They had quite a few gluten free options which was nice. Their gravies are not made with flour, and a few of their entrees are g-free. The food was okay, I was really hoping to be more impressed. Our German friends thought the red cabbage was pretty good but were not big fans of their schnitzel or their sausage. The sausages were gluten free so I ordered the Knackwurst and my boyfriend had the Currywurst, we liked both of them. He didn't like the schnitzel he ordered (I couldn't have it since it had bread crumbs) and my cornish game hen had been fried and was really really dry inside. The cabbage and potato salad sides were pretty good. Prices for each were very reasonable and we also had a restaurant.com card. Okay so the one star reason. I was still finishing my plate when something happened that made me concerned about the hygienic nature of the restaurant. An insect of the worst type for a restaurant crawled out from behind the mustard on the side of the table and made its way to my plate. My boyfriend tried to kill it but if anyone has ever had to deal with these critters they know how fast they are and their ability to fly doesn't help either. It scurried around for about 10 mins until he finally got it. By this point I had excused myself to the bathroom... we all paid our checks quickly and left trying not to make a scene. So, while I wasn't super impressed with the food before this happened I still probably would have come back for the sausages but after what happened I'm a little concerned about the cleanliness so I have to recommend a no go to yelp viewers.
Terribly disappointing! The hamburger from the one undaring person was the best thing in the menu. If you want want true, good authentic German food, look elsewhere.
The most unauthentic German food ever!  If you're into cheap & your taste buds are nonexistent, this one's for you!  Everything tastes like it came out of a can, nothing is made from scratch. No chef working in this kitchen!  You want quality, authentic German food  Walk a few doors east to Bavarian Point. The only authentic German food in Arizona prepared by an actual chef!!!
This place is god awful. ..very Americanized german food.the staff is sloppy...if you want cheep German good that is what you'll get
German cafeteria food. period.  I had the special: stuffed roast pork, red cabbage and spaetzle. (sp)
Please don't go here. I'm begging you. I wouldn't wish this place on my own worst enemy. I wouldn't wish this on the girl who cheated on my best friend. This place was a literal nightmare. .I think I've been to Jimmy Wan's 4 times this month, so I was sick of it. Plus I'd heard good things about TaiPei, so I thought I'd give it a whirl.The service was abysmal - my waiter took 10 minutes to recognize I'd sat down. He was very kind, but only dropped my food off. No "how's it going", no water refills, no offer of dessert or other courses. A kind busboy kept refilling my drink. The portions are extremely small - I've never seen such tiny sushi rolls in my life. The menu says there's a charge for fried rice instead of white. Huh. Jimmy Wan's offers white and brown, no extra charge. Interesting.The atmosphere was atrocious.  A family in the table to my left and in front let their child (6 or 7, mind you) take off his shoes and walk around. He then ground his heel into the carpet - with a piece of chicken in between. He swiped a cloth napkin from an empty table and rubbed it all over his feet. I audibly gasped, but his obese mother couldn't hear me or ignored me. Then she threatened to take each of their Kindles away if they didn't shut up. The boy was eating with salad tongs instead of a fork all night long.The waitstaff saw what was happening and didn't care at all. My waiter didn't show up after I was finished with my meal and when he did (after I'd requested someone else get him) he failed to clear my dirty plates. I finally told the owner how terrible the whole thing was - namely the ambiance and the service and she asked if I wanted anything to go and apologized for being busy. You...think I want something to go How were 15 people in the 50 seat restaurant and one small takeout order. How....is that busyOther reviews have mentioned that the ownership has changed hands. If you care about your health, don't go to a restaurant where the waitstaff doesn't care if children grind chicken into the carpet. If they find that behavior outside of the kitchen normal, can you imagine what they do inside the kitchen I have no doubt little handwashing goes on and much wiping of noses while cooking.Jews, don't go here on Christmas, even if though they loudly advertise they're open. If 15 people means they're "busy", can you imagine what it'll be like on ChristmasThe slowness of the whole establishment is astounding. I dropped my little brother off at Jimmy Wan's immediately before going to TaiPei - a 15 second drive between establishments. Wan's parking lot was jam packed and he ate with 9 other friends. He called me to pick him up as I was paying the bill. How the hell did TaiPei take as long as Jimmy Wan's did to seat and serve and bill 10 people as they did me, the 15th person in their restaurantOnly go here if you have a death wish or are a practicing masochist.
I used to frequent Tai Pei once a week or so, but within the last few years, it has gone severely downhill. The food is greasy, way too expensive, and they use massive amounts of MSG. I got terrible MSG poisoning from Tai Pei and ever since then, have gone to Jimmy Wan's down the road.
We visited with a Groupon last Thursday. We ordered the Hot and Sour Seafood Soup, the black bean chicken, szechuan beef, and lamb with scallions. The soup was awesome! Very spicy!The rest of the food was awful. It was tasteless... the meat had a weird fluffy texture.... there was zero flavor. It was actually so bad that we asked to talk to the manager. He said the kitchen would make new dishes. They brought three new entrees. They were again completely flavorless, but warmer. I couldn't taste salt or pepper  or garlic or even feel any heat. It was awful. We paid and left. yuck. I used to go here as a child. I remember the sushi was always good. Maybe that is the thing to order!
Pretty disappointed. I was excited to try this place out for a late dinner, after reading all the previous reviews; just wanted to go and place a to-go order. Arrived at 9:35pm, and they told us the kitchen was closed. Most restaurants have to serve until their closing time (which was 10pm). Maybe it's just Chinese places that stop serving I'm not sure. But I'm not used to walking into a place BEFORE they close and being sent away. They lost my business for good. I know I should have called beforehand. I normally wouldn't go to a restaurant that close to closing time, but when I do, they at least take my money!
Food: So completely, totally meh. Pre-cooked meats, steamed vegetable, and poured over the top sauces.  Meh.Decor: Moderatly interesting Asian art with a few too many happy Buddhas.Service: Confused but trying to be helpful.
I was a loyal customer for many years, until one day the beef started to taste funny. Then I got food poisoning. Never Again.
We will no longer go to tea station until they decide to properly handle their German cockroach issue. A few months ago my husband who is a licensed exterminator found they had roaches...GROSS. His company has given the onwers several quotes but the onwers are too cheap to handle this serious problem. I feel like calling the health dept!
Can you say overpriced I avoid this place at all costs because in all my experiences, I have never felt welcome. The customer service has always been very bad and the staff has always pressured me (and my friends) to order something right away. I do not recommend this place to anyone. Although they serve good boba, it's not worth it. You can find better cafes in Vegas.
I live in Cali, and I always go to tea station in Cerritos, so I decided to try the one in LV. Bad bad service, one of the guys name is see or ce I don't know. But one of the reason they said they werent welcoming to my cousins and I is cause they were so busy, that shouldn't be an excuse. Aside from that there tea is really really good. Too bad I didn't get one at the one in LV. FYI they only accept credit card if you spend over 10.
my first time here at this tea station in Las  Vegas. upon entering no one greeted us or even smiled. no welcome at all, compared to the one back home in Cerritos. CA. when we took a seat. some Asian girl with a pony tail asked us " if we we gonna eat here or to go", so I said " here". so then she was like " oh were about to close in 10 min", and it was barely 130am!!! knowing that they close at 2! ugh never again!! so glad I don't live here. very unfriendly staff the night me and my family came in Sunday 11.28.10 around 130am!!!! so who ever was working that night, shame on you!!!! also my sister asked some girl with shirt hair why they didnt greet us, the staff told her " because were busy!"!!! absolutely no excuse!!!!!!!
Wouldnt be a bad idea to fire all the waitresses and hire all new ones. Ones who dont treat their customers like they're the ones that ripped the heads off all their dolls and spit into the stuffing when they were little.Just wanna copy and paste a buddy's review of this place from 5 months back. ---Elnino F.2 star rating6102010i take it back!!! a business cannot prosper if their employees are snippy, impertinent, and unpolished!!---Yo El! it's 5 months later! guess what dawg. the employees are STILL SNIPPY, IMPERTINENT AND UNPOLISHED!!Yes Tea Station is a respectable chain in CaliforniaYes this location is a franchiseYes the teas and food are quite niceNo that doesnt mean they can treat paying customers like scum when all we're asking for is just a little extra attention.I guess i should put some details in. Okay here we go.It seems every time we ask for the bill they take their sweet time bringing it to us but never want to retrieve it. On two separate occasions i thought about just walking out on the bill and waiting outside to see how long it'll take for them to notice.On one occasion i got fed up with waiting for them to collect the money that i walked up to the register to do it myself. The cashier didnt even look at me, no eye contact, no face contact, no general direction just grabbed the bill from my hand like it was money i owed her, thrust-ed the receipt in my general direction and turned away to avoid more human contact. Not even a thank you.Another occasion the waitress acted like she was a servant that just got called away from her one moment of rest when we asked for more napkins and by her body language and slouch of her shoulders she REALLY didnt want to bother with those napkins but was forced to.
The drink is good but the food is bad. Comparing with LA store. Vegas store is not good at all.
Great Tea, Good Food, Horrible Service.
Quite honestly one of the WORST places ever and it's definitely not authentic either.  Their flavorings all taste like artificial flavoring powders.  It tastes nothing like the locations in California or other cities. I've gone there half a dozen times and each time their services gets worse and the food get worse as well.  I took my family there for a family dessert night after eating elsewhere for dinner.  I ordered shaved ice with a side of the chewy (not fried) taro balls ON THE SIDE, fried sweet bread, and fried taro balls. The waitress smirks and says "Ummm, that's not going to taste good because the shaved ice is cold and the taro balls are hot ". OH YOU DON'T SAY, REALLY! I know that because I was born in Taiwan, grew up eating this stuff so I think I know what I'm doing. Not to mention, I order this EVERY TIME I'm there...so she places my order and comes back later and tells me she doesn't have anymore taro balls but she can do rice balls. So I asked her again, so if you're out of taro balls then what are you serving with the red bean soup when people order that She smirks AGAIN so I just told her to forget about it.  Each time a dish was dropped off at the table, it was literally thrown on the table and not a word mentioned on what the dish was. Long story short, I'm in service industry and I've never given someone a 10% tip. But I did last night. I'll never go back. Worst customer service, if any, and worst foodbeverages!!!!
I really want to say: screw this place!!!Service is horrible.  They're rude, slow, and not friendly at all!!  I usually take my drink to go and even with such a quick transaction they're just so uninviting.I tried to sit down and have dessert once and it took a while to get acknowledged.  I had to flag a waitress down.  Forget asking for suggestions, it's like communicating with a child.  I ordered the mango shaved ice, but I can't tell you how it tasted, because after waiting for 20 minutes, it never arrived.  Apparently the excess of servers standing around kept ours to occupied to bother punching in my order.  I mentioned it to her, she looked surprised, I saw her tell the person behind the counter and he proceeded to make it. F that... I walked out.I come here because I'll have my occasional boba craving and I eat off spring mountain a lot.  After finding other joints who serve boba, along with the shit service, I don't come here anymore.  This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!Btw.  Make sure you always taste your drink before you leave the place.  I ordered a large milk tea taro to-go for my BF once and didn't taste it cause it was for him.  Well, I got home and gave it to him and it tasted like purple water.  I paid almost six dollars for that and was so pissed.  I really wanted to go back but it was just a waste of energy.Here are a few places I've found that serves boba- cheaper, yummier, nicer cashiers:1.) Boba City Cafe2.) Cefiore3.) Waffles Cafe4.) Easy Life Boba TeaAnd I believe there is a Q-cup opening up off of jones where China Mama is located.
me and my friends wanted to share two pots of hot milk tea. When we got them they were in two big bowls with spoons. We asked for cups and they said that each cup would cost an extra $1....seriously We are paying for tea and we can't have cups to drink them This store obviously cares more about ripping me off than actually making me a happy customer...never coming here for boba again! (yes, the boba was good but there's plenty of other places in lv to get boba, and those places give you cups)
Are you guys serious  My meal at Rose Tea Cafe was the saltiest thing I've ever had, and I've eaten a big heaping bowl of salt.  Greasy, too... I felt sick after eating here.  My bubble tea nearly gave me a headache from all the sugar, and I usually love sweet things.Maybe this is authentic, but it isn't good.
The food has gotten better over the years, but the service remains one of the rudest in the city. For some reason, the people who work here could care less about their customers, and it shows. The food is decent, but there are other just as solid choices when it comes to Asian food not just in Pittsburgh, but in Squirrel Hill as well.
BEWARE!If you enjoy FOOD POISONING, then yes, of course I would recommend the Shit Tea Cafe. If you enjoy RUDE SERVICE, then yes, of course I would recommend the Shit Tea Cafe.  If you enjoy having THE RUNS for 24 hours, then by all mean, go to the Shit Tea Cafe! The culprit Coconut bubble tea. I lay here bed ridden after indulging in bubble tea I had yesterday. I mean really.... don't go here
This place is lame!!! We came on a Sunday night and all we wanted after a chilly walk was a tea. BUT, when we ordered the lady told us we couldn't buy just one tea "five dollar minimum per person!" Needless to say we walked out. Freaking dumbest thing I've ever heard!!!!
I came here for the first time with a couple friends to have some bubble tea. Almond milk is my favorite and it was delicious.Second time I came here, we were seated to order more drinks. A young waitress looked unhappy that we weren't going to order food. Just as we were about to order, the young waitress tells us to leave the table because they have to seat a group who will order food. Yikes. It wasn't a question, it was a demand. Didn't offer to seat us somewhere else. Wasn't happy about that kind of service at all. Drinks are good. Service is bad. 1 star and not coming back.
Totally will not go there again. The woman and the waiters are so rude. We came first and waited in the line, but the woman asked a white guy behind us to have a seat first. And the waiter lied when he saw his boss. What a Fxxk dogs and bxxxch!
I was looking forward to eating here when right as we pull into the asian strip mall, we see complete darkness inside the restaurant. We decided to park anyways and see if perhaps we came too early or today was their off day. Unfortunately, the establishment appears to be closed indefintely so if you are reading this, assume that it is closed until another review appears after mine.Food Highlihg: None as they were not open
Ive been on a mission to go to places I gave low ratings to and give them another chance, so this is what brought me to Taiwan Cafe. Its still dirty-   I don't care how many years they've been selling food to college kids, what! They can't wipe down their counter and table tops Anyway, on to the food, I ordered the salt and pepper tofu - it took forever to come out and when it did I wanted to add some sirachi to my rice, what I squirted into my container was more like sirachi flavored water. When I opened up my tofu what I found was tiny cubes of dried out tofu and limp broccoli which was just as dry. I tasted the tofu and spit it out, I was disgusting. Somehow they managed to suck out all the moisture and there was no sauce for the dish...nothing! Dry tofu, dry limpy broccoli and equally dry rice (even with the sirachi water). All I could do to save this meal was take it home and mix it with some curry sauce I had bought at trader joes. After some simmering it was actually edible but I have learned my lesson and will not return to TC in the future.
This place is gross. First, I got a spicy tempura roll that was chicken (instead of tuna).  I mean, really ChickenSecond, the sushi was warm.Third, the roll that was made to replace the chicken had an eyelash in the container. And it wasn't mine.Negative one star.  Sorry to be so harsh, but it's better that you know.
Oh Lord. After last night's experience at Taiwan Cafe, I doubt I will EVER be returning there.It seemed like a really normal meal--we ordered our food, the lady was very brisk and snappy, as usual.We sat down, and waited for our food to come out. My friend had ordered the fried pork chop and everything seemed normal... till she pulled a RAW PIECE OF PORK OUT OF HER PLATE. She was horrified because she had eaten some of it. This my dear was not ordinary slightly uncooked meat. This was completely raw--dripping, red, the whole shebang.When she brought it back to the front, the lady took it and said they'd remake it for her.When they brought it out, she was checking the meat to make sure it was cooked, and she reached under the rice, and PULLED OUT HALF OF THE UNEATEN RAW PORK.The people didn't even give her a new bowl...they just put a new pork chop ontop of her plate, which had already touched all the raw meat and was all bacteria filled.And pork isn't even one of those things that you can eat semi raw (like beef). Pork is hella dirty when it's not cooked. and not only did they send it out once uncooked, which is already unforgivable in my book, they sent it out TWICE knowing what was wrong with it.By that point, I was fed up, and I went to talk to the lady. She agreed to make my friend a totally new dish, but when my friend asked for orange chicken, she said she'd have to pay extra -_________- Like seriously You fed my friend raw pork TWICE. I'm pretty sure that violates health codes, and you wont even give her orange chicken!That was literally the end of the end for me.
So I'm new to Vegas, but this has got to be one of the worst Chinese restaurants in this city. They have two menus, one for appetizers and dim sum-like snacks, and the other for entrees. Two stars for our server who was blunt enough to tell us after we were about to order the Mongolian Beef, "Oh, don't order that. It's not very special, and really, only the white people eat that." Okaaay. So we pick something else, and again, "Not that special." If nothing on your menu is special, why should I feel compelled to come back here! Please, it's not like you work for the DMV - you can at least PRETEND to like your job. A little honesty always wins points, but try to sell your product, too! Minus a a star.He finally recommends some kind of pork that probably could have been topped by the Mongolian Beef because it was some sweet, stringy meat with more carrots than the meat itself.
The best of Las Vegas  I'm not sure how that happened. I ordered the Mongolian beef and combination chow mein. The beef was alright but the noodle dish was inedible. The sesame oil they used made the noodles taste like vomit and the dish's overall orange color only helped cement that analogy. I will never go back.
Wanted a light lunch, and went in to try the xiao long bao today, about 2 PM.  There were five other tables wcustomers already there.  (By the time I left, two other parties came in, for a total of 8, including me.)  Had ordered, and the xlb came out a few minutes later.  They were tasty, with a wee zing of ginger, and had a nice broth within.  After I finished my meal, I was ready to pay, and that's where the problem for me began.After eating, I was thinking one of two things:  the check comes to me, or I go to the register.  After waiting a few (10) minutes, I decided to go to the register.  The owner () saw me, and said to have a seat, that he would bring me the check.  So, I did and read the local LV magazine I brought in with me.  Another 10 minutes pass, and I've finished the magazine, sitting there drinking tea.During that time, the waitress saw me doing nothing, other than sitting, with my elbow on the table and chin in my hand.  The owner, who had been going back and forth from the register, was helping the table in front of me.  He finally noticedremembered that I was sitting there, waiting for my check the SECOND TIME he came around to help the same table.  Finally got the check, left money and I couldn't get out of there fast enough.A couple of things, before you think I'm too harsh.  As a child, I used to work withfor my father in a pub, and then in a restaurant he managed.  I understand what it is to be part of the staff of a restaurant.  And, for the last 22 years, I've been doing nothing but customer service, so I'm familiar with the concept.Look, I don't expect wait staff to be jumping for joy, trumpets playing upon my arrival.  Basic customer service, and I'm happy.  Go above that, and I remember.  Go below, I can forgive but I never forget.  I would come back here only if someone else was paying.  On my own dime, not at all.
OMG! Services in this restaurant is terrible, my friends and I went to China MaMa last weekend. Only few tables were taken at that time, so it wasn't a busy day for them. We ordered five courses and some drinks, it seemed normal so far. After two minutes, the thing happened. the server came back and said "sorry, our chef doesn't wanna cook one of five course,"  "what Could you say again!!!", she said the same words again. Therefore, I'll never go this restaurant again
All I can say is stay away. We ordered the crispy beef, but got burnt beef instead.  This restaurant has no problem serving burnt food to its customers. Even the waitress saw that the food was burnt and served it anyway. They did offer to make us another, but only after we complained.
Very bad service! So bad that I did not care for the food!
So, we tried this place once before and didn't enjoy it, as there are hundreds of better Chinese places, but my husband said we should give it another chance. So we did last night!We walked in and they didn't seem too busy, we got seated right away, and they brought over the hot tea and menus, so far, good. But then they struggled to get back to the table for our order. My husband had already made up our choices, I usually make suggestions and he orders for us. Tonight, I just let him select. Our beef roll came out first, it was like moo sho pork, pancake rolled with cilatro and scallops, thinly sliced beef and a smidge of hoisen, but they brought us aome exta, they were good.The spicy wontons were a bit mushy sitting in the oily spice, smelled good but taste was ordinary.We also got the noddle chow fun, fat noddles of course, it was also good, but our next three dushes were just so blah, crispy beef, sticky sweet thinnly beef and sliced carrots, not sure it was good, I didn't care for it, kung pao chicken had gritty peanuts, and the mabu tofu was very weak. Well, at 130am, it all came back up! I had the worst tummy ache, a little fever and chills, and the nausea and well.... I'll leave it at that! I guess I should have said something when I saw the guys in the kitchen scraping the rice pot touching the trash can and the guy unwrapping the frozen meat, touching the meat slicer! Never again!
Let me start off by saying that I use to frequent this place when it first opened a couple of years ago. I love Xiao Long Bao's and beef noodle soup, and this place has all of that and more. Service was always decent and food tasted great. However, the most recent visit has left me not wanting to come back EVER.My family and I came for lunch one afternoon and it was semi-busy. We stood at the front and while the waiters saw us, they were a bit busy to greet us, no big deal. After a few minutes, one of the waiters asked us in Mandarin "How many people" My family is Cantonese Chinese, my parents can speak Mandarin, but I know very little Mandarin. I told him the number of people in our party with my fingers and he said something in Mandarin that I didn't understand and unfortunately my mom wasn't paying attention so she didn't hear him, but he pointed his arm out to an empty table in the corner gesturing for us to be seated. Assuming he wanted us to take a seat, we all sat down at the table in the corner. Then the waiter came to set up the plates and utensils. But when he saw us sitting down, he stopped and gave us a dirty look and said in perfect English, "Uh, can you at least let me set the table first" How disrespectful and unprofessional is that First of all, it's rude for you to assume that every Asian-looking person speaks Mandarin and second of all, you were the one who gestured for us to sit. And lastly, there are much more polite ways of asking a customer to get up while you set up a table. Regardless of if you were having a bad day or not, that's not how you treat a customer. In most of the Chinese restaurants I've been to, it's normal for waiters to start setting your table after you've been seated, I don't know why he had such a problem with us sitting down. At that point, I should've walked out, but I was thinking the food would be the saving grace. We ordered beef noodle soup, Xiao Long Bao's, Shanghai-style rice cake, a tofu dish, and a cold meat appetizer dish, only the Xiao Long Bao's and tofu dish met my expectations. The beef noodle soup lacked flavor or spice, the Shanghai-style rice cake was more onions than rice cake, and the meat appetizer was too oily, really disappointing from the previous meals I've had here. The only positive thing from my lunch was our waitress, she was actually polite and attentive. I don't expect first-class service when I go out to eat, but I definitely don't expect an unprofessional attitude either.
Came in at about 1:00 pm on Sunday, someone came 5 minutes after us, but they took their order first, even though we were ready to order.  Even after they took the other table's order we waited another 5 minutes.  After we ordered, the food took an unusually long time to get to us.  It wasn't that busy.  When we did get our food, they messed up one of the things we ordered.  After finishing our meal we waited a while for our check and it never came.  Food was alright, but the service was absolutely terrible.  After I went up to the register to request the check, I paid for the meal and left a gratuity was appropriate based on the minimal service provided.  I mentioned this to the person that took our money, but she didn't care.  One of the worst restaurant service I've ever encountered.
hang out with my wife, food is bad and service is poor, no one service us until we ask for check. If u want to try real Chinese food, please dont come; if you wan to try western Chinese food, u should think about their service.
I just got delivery last night and it is about the 4th time from the Willi St location that things are not what I expected or missing things. I ordered the Kang Phet with Beef, literally got 5 very small pieces of beef and about a million bamboo shoots. Really I also ordered the 4 stars and my bf's 2 star chicken version was as hot as mine. They are really inconsistent with this. If you go it's fine, but I would definitely go to the Atwood one.
I must have terrible karma when it comes to this place. I look that the reviews and think I must be eating at a different place than everyone else. I've been here 3 times, and the service has always been cool and unskillful. With the exception of the squash curry, I've had some mediocre to terrible meals.Most recently, the broccoli in the noodle dish came out so overcooked, it was completely brown-grey. The dish had also not been expo-ed properly, so when I sent it back, it came out looking like a different dish. That said, the second attempt was nothing more than "blah." I think the vegetables are frozen to start. The life had also been boiled out of all the vegetables in my date's dish.I just think there are so many great Asian places in Madison, I don't know why people flock here.
I'm sure that not everyone will have this experience but tonight i am alone in a hotel in Wisconsin in food poisoning agony due to this food. Not recommended.
It was Laosy.
The crab appetizer has no crab in it, very misleading.Small and cozy restaurant, 10 table the most.The food is not authentic Laotian food,
Horrible food!  Spring rolls have the thinnest slice of shrimp!  They also had Brown cilantro in them.  I ordered the mango curry and it was tasteless.  I have never had a curry that tasted so bland.  Next to zero chicken and the pieces I did get looked like scrap meat!  I tried staying positive though.  Ok lemme try a mango, nope it was a pineapple.  Ok here is a mango, nope another pineapple!  The rice was not jasmine rice, and tasted like paper.  The owner has successfully shown their skills at fooling us with cheap ingredients.  So I will never ever eat at this place.  Wish I could give them a no star rating
Drove all the way to this place to discover it is not accessible even though it is marked as an accessible restaurant. Highly disappointed!
A friend was having her birthday dinner here and I was the first to arrive from our reservation. Thankfully the table was ready a bit early, unfortunately I was left alone without so much as water until someone else arrived 10 minutes after me. We started with spring rolls, which were a disappointment. No discernible meat in them at all. I ordered the Moak Pa, which is supposed to be a specialty. I asked for it to be "timid" and was stunned when the vegetables had no flavor and the fish (I had ordered chicken, by the way) was so spicy it burned my lips and I couldn't tell what I was eating (my husband pointed out that it was fish). The real killer was the service though. Our waitress was cold and unfriendly. When one couple decided to share an entree because the portions are large she rolled her eyes and snarled "they taste good as leftovers too". After our drink orders she asked for appetizers and walked away before we could answer. When we called her back she again rolled her eyes at us for making her come back to get our appetizer orders. When the check came she did not ask if we wanted it split (despite that we were sitting in distinct couplings). When we took it upon ourselves to mark which each group would be paying for she became increasingly agitated and finally demanded one of our party come with her to calculate the totals (we wrote 1,2 or 3  next to our selections - it's not like we were using Morris code). Once that fiasco was over she slopped our food into take out dishes at our table and then walked away after saying we could divide up the leftover rice ourselves. And the next day I checked my bank account and she must have run my card twice because it showed I was double charged. Between the either incredibly bland or super spicy food and the dismal service this place will not be getting my business again anytime soon.
Looked at yelp and wanted to try it today but it is closed, forever apparently.
This place is out of business.
Poor service, worse food.  Ordered salad and an entree.  They brought the entree and when we said we ordered salad the waiter pretended that we didn't order salads.  The food was tasteless.  I won't return.  It was also very hectic and noisy.
I had made a reservation for Valentines Day and they messed up our reservation. Our reservation was for 8:30 pm so we showed up at 8. When we got there it was a complete and utter mess. They had overbooked there reservations and a guy behind me said their reservation was for 7 pm and it was 8:10 pm by now and they said they hadn't even been sat yet. But it didn't matter because they couldn't find my reservation. They ruined my wife and I's Valentines Day plans and won't ever go back and won't recommend any of our friends go there either.
3 thumbs way down! I was visiting AZ, my sister brought us to El Pepin, she had been there before and enjoyed a couple of good meals.  But, not this time. The good: 3 Tapas were very good, Shrimp ajillo, Veg. croquette, red pepper w goat cheese. The bad: The waiter didn't understand English, one order of Paella, was really 3 separate orders for 3 times the money. Our order for Shrimp with the Paella became Squid. Our order for a small Sangria carafe became a large carafe for $18. When we complained about the Squid the chef said he wouldn't charge us for the extra squid. And, when we told we wanted one Paella order split 3 ways, he charged us for one order but took away our take home bag of extra Paella. In the end, we were overcharged for the paella and sangria, we didn't want Calamari in the Paella, the service was awful, food moderately good, Sangria average. We felt like tourists in a strange place getting ripped off at every chance.
The service was absolutely horrid. The waitress disappears for ludicrous periods of time. It took us almost an hour just to get water. When we finally got food, it was average at best and way over priced. On top of insult to injury, our group was charged 18% gratuity for the awful service. Our group got there around 7pm, and we didn't get to leave until 1030. We finally had to go track down the waitress to get our bill. I don't recommend going there. Typical overrated Scottsdale eatery.
My friends and I wanted to see the Flamenco show.  We had already been to Happy Hour so were not interested in dinner.  We ordered a small appetizer so as not to seem like freeloaders.The appetizer was extremely poor quality for the price and was presented to us without one of the key ingredients.  The service was terribly slow, given the fact that the restaurant was nearly empty (another clue).The Flamenco dancing was good but not worth spending the evening here.
High price for only so-so food.  I didn't bother staying for the Flamenco dancer... the poor atmosphere was a turn off (large empty room, shabby decor).  One positive: the service was friendly and responsive.
Oh Pepin, I was not impressed with you being closed on Tuesday even though your restaurant's sign said clearly that you were supposed to be open for business.  After hearing from other people that there were supposed to be salsa dancing lessons on Tuesdays I was excited to check the place out, but when my dance partner and I arrived the doors were locked.  There were no signs indicating that the restaurant would be closed so we decided to venture elsewhere.
We came for dinner and was not impressed at all.  For the price of the dinner  ($23. to $37 per entree), and the location, the place needs a total remodel or at the least,  to be cleaned.  We ordered dinner about 7:15 and not until an hour later did we finally lose our patience and asked when our dinner was coming.  The waiter told us it would probably be another 15 or 20 minutes, because it takes a while for the paella to cook.  That should have been told to us at the beginning when we ordered this.  The dinner was way below average (not worth the high cost)  because the food had no taste and some of the seafood was still raw.  We had to ask for some more bread to hold us over for the long wait.  We also overheard surrounding tables complaining about the food.  We finally left there after 9:30.  Sorry, not planning on go back after reading other reviews.
we went here late 2010 and had a buy 1 get 1 free coupon. the wait time was terrible and the entertainers were amateurish. we ordred appetizers and drinks and then our 2 entrees came. they came in small plates(lunch portions) . we complained and they said they split the dinner entree to make two. we complained but the manager wouldn't budge. well, we didn't either. we paid for our drinks and appetizers and left, but not before yelling out  "this place is a fraud !" i am of spanish descent and this place is a disgrace to my heritage.
Gordon Ramsey please visit this place! * Food little better than a TV dinner, yet competed with some of the best restaurants in town...ON PRICE * They served us rancid wine. * Service was terrible Ownermanager hung out in lobby socializing with friends rather than helping clients that were waiting an absurd amount of time for food. Gristle laden beef jerky floating in oil served as a dish Flamenco was ok...this place should give up trying to serve food and being a high end restaurant and Just become a bar night club and serve a few simple fresh dishes if anything at all. Or get a restaurant consultant in there and totally revamp the menu.I almost always try a place twice, but, not thinking so in this case.
Terrible.I brought my boyfriend here a while ago for a romantic date out.  I thought it would be great because they had vegetarian paella for me and plenty of fish and meat for him to try.  (He doesn't normally get to do that too much since we go to mostly vegetarian places).We got an appetizer, two entrees, and some sangria, and even with a $25 gift card, the bill was still over $90 with tip.  Now, this would not have been an issue had the food been worth that.  However, the food was terrible.  It was stuck in the 80's.  The beau's chicken looked like something you would get on an airplane, and my paella could have been shown up by something in a box... mushy rice with frozen veg.  The server also charged us for 2 salads that she just brought out.  I don't mind paying for a salad, but at least ask me!At one point in our meal, my man got up and went to the restroom.  When he returned, he told me that I HAD to go look at it.  It was awful.  It was worse than any drive bars I have been to.  The paint was falling off the walls, one of the stalls didn't have a door and the other barely locked, the toilets were filthy, and the sink was disgusting.  If you charge $20-$40 a plate, you need to have the ambiance to back it up.Never go here.
I just got back from "eating" at Pepin and had to immediately write a review.  We had a table of 12 reserved and were seated promptly on a packed Sat night.  We sat and waited for 15min before anyone took a drink order.  The sangria was pretty bad and only had a piece of orange in terms of fruit.  Most of us ordered paella valencia which we were told feeds about 1 12 people which I immediately thought odd.  Is it not obvious that it should either serve one or two!  Regardless we ordered four for six people.  A hour later the food appeared.  No salads and the bread was served with Ranch dressing (no butter).  Our drinks remained empty for most of the night including the water.  The food was pretty poor and the portions were horrible.  I got one clam, one shrimp, and a few pieces of chicken in my plate.  The mussel I had on my plate had a cracked shell so I did not eat it.  I was actually embarrassed.  On a high note the singerguitar playerdancer were pretty darn good.  They kept us entertained while we waited forever.  Unfortunately they were quite loud for the small space with low ceilings so it was near impossible to talk at the table.  If you do go, DO NOT sit in front of the stage unless you just want to hear them and not each other.The good entertainment soon left my mind when we got the bill.  My son had a $7 hamburger, my daughter split a crab cake, and my wife and I had the paella valencia.  One glass of sangria each and the bill was $110.  The also automatically added the gratuity.  Great trick when your service sucks!
The food sucks. They brought us bread that was stone cold. The entrees had too much salt and the service was average at best.
I'm going to tell you the end of this restaurant horror story and then you can decide for yourself if you'd like to read the rest or have had enough. ReadyAs my friend and I are exiting Mallorca, the manager, who is shoveling food into his face at the bar, turns and says "Sorry for the trouble girls..." and spits his food all over us. Now, let's bring it back to the beginning, if you're so inclined. Upon recommendations, a passion for Spanish cuisine and armed with a groupon, my  friend and I decided to try Mallorca last Saturday evening. We were greeted by eager, formal wait staff and were promptly seated. The dining room was ugly, out dated, and several shades of dark puke green. The plaster had multiple holes and the wall paper was water damaged and peeling away. Aesthetics aside, we ordered the Sangria right away from hearing wonderful things and we were not disappointed.For an appetizer we ordered the special that day, octopus. It arrived quickly. It wasn't bad. I've had better, but it tasted fresh and seemed to be carefully prepared and the presentation was eye catching. For our main course, I badly desired the Paella Valencia. As a long time fan of SpanishSouth American culinary specialties, I was dying for a good paella! Our Paella Valencia arrived quickly. Excited about the paella, we barely noticed the small dish of random vegetables and the dish of potato chips they placed on the table (ummm thanks... how classy...and authentic...). As we scooped paella onto our plates and eagerly began to dig in, I barely had time to fully absorb the blandness of the dish when I noticed a man's HAIR pressed into my chorizo. I flagged over the bus boy who was leaning miserably against the wall. "Hi, um, I have a hair in my Paella."Bus boy: "Oh! Um. Let me get your waiter."Our waiter promptly marched over and began collecting all of our dishes. I tried to speak to him, "I'm extremely surprised to find this hair in the food."Waiter in his strong accent, "Yes, ma'am, disappointing. But these things happen."Wait. What"Yes, I realize these "things" can happen, but it shouldn't, not in this fine restaurant." But he was gone before I could fully defend myself.Then we waited. And waited. And waited. No one came out to apologize. No one asked us if we needed anything. So I flagged the bus boy over again. "Hi, is your manager around"Bus boy: "Yes."  Pause. "Do you want me to get him" No. I just want to know where he is. Me: "Um. Yes, please get him."The manager visits us for the first and ONLY time. He greets us with a look that says "What do you want" I explained our little problem to him. Manager: "These things happen. "Seriously SERIOUSLY Me: "Look, your restaurant comes highly recommended. I had high expectations and did not expect to find a hair in my paella..." Practically interrupting me he continues "Yes, we have a fine restaurant. I have been in the business many years. These things just happen."Me (getting annoyed now with the lack of apology): "Do they wear hair nets in the kitchen"Manger: "Yes, of course. Besides, we have no women in the kitchen."SERIOUSLY Not only is that SEXIST, I had to inform him that is was NOT  a woman's hair, but rather a short black hair that turned gray on the end, much like his own hair, and that it was PRESSED INTO MY CHORIZO WHICH I SCOOPED OUT OF THE PAELLA FROM UNDER RICE. But, he clearly didn't want to hear it and walked away mumbling something that sounded like "I'm disappointed." Then our second paella arrived. Our waiter apologized (finally) for the hair, only to proceed to tell us that "This can happen easily. You could lift up your napkin and a hair could fall in."Ugh...Am I out of line to hope and expect that wouldn't happen Is there some ninja going around and hiding hair all over the restaurant Do you have a shaggy dog folding your napkins The lobster, scallops, tiny micro sized shrimp all tasted the same: bland, frozen, overcooked, boring. The rice had no flavor and looked remarkably like the boxed paella rice that Goya sells. The chicken was dangerously undercooked- hard and pink. Needless to say, we had no appetite after all of this. It wasn't hard to flag my actual waiter over this time. He had been standing in a corner ten feet away from our table with other waiters staring and pointing at us and talking about us in Spanish. Even if the paella was decent, we couldn't eat it while being stared at. Waiter "Would you like me to box this"Me: "No. Just the check."With a surprising twist, our waiter returned and informed us that this delightful meal would be on the house and then presented us with two shots of some sweet liquor. We left our waiter a rather generous tip and got up to leave, feeling slightly vindicated. We were chatting about the possibility of returning, when we met our manager at the bar on our exit...Mallorca, you finally blew it when your manager blew his food on us.
Not worth the money at all!!!When ordering $35 lobster tails you expect to enjoy your meal. Instead I had a bland and tough meal. I was definitely full afterward but by no means satisfied in the taste department.My boyfriend had the paella which tasted like it had just come from a box at a grocery store. It was a ton of food, but again, bland. I'm thankful that we had a gift card to use here otherwise I would have hugely disappointed at my waste of money. I would not recommend this place for their dinners.
Horrible service, staff rough around the edges and bad food. A group of four of us went there with very high expectations after reading yelp and left disappointed. It took an hour for us to be seated. Once we finally had a table and ordered, it took nearly an hour for us to be even served. I ordered 35$ lobster tail in wine sauce and it was dry and chewy. My vegetarian friend ordered veggie paella and what she received was literally a plate of rice with like 10 peas....and what really pissed us off is that the restaurants complimentary dish for the table was a plate of paella style rice...basically the same exact thing they charged her 20 bucks for. The service was just plain bad. The food was overpriced and lame.
Althought the portion sizes are huge...it's a waste of food.  My dinner was dry as if it had been prepared several hours in advance and then reheated once it was served to me.  Even though we were two of the only people at the resturant, we were still set way in the back by the kitchen. What gives  I was left with nothing but disappointment from my trip to Mallorcas. Prehaps I just went on a bad night.  I had the paella it was dry and flavorless and paella is one of my favorite dishes.  I went to Mallorca's for my birthday dinner and was completely let down.  I  didn't even take the left overs home, of which there was plenty My boyfriend enjoyed the Sangria but the waiter took it away, even though the pitcher still enough left for one more glass.  Grumble...Mallorca I don't like you.
I don't give out too many one-star reviews, but Mallorca earned this one.  I went with my family this past Saturday and we were treated to slightly rude, slighty indifferent service as well as tasteless food that did not match the description on the menu.  For example, the stuffed mushrooms contained shrimp and that was not clearly indicated on the menu.  Many people have shrimp allergies, so that is just plan unsafe.  Another example: my sister ordered what was described on the menu as grilled chicken with peanuts and raisins.  The dish came out covered in cheese.  Um, I thought the point of a menu was to describe the food that you can expect to eat.  Not so at Mallorca.  Also, my dish was entirely flavorless, and overpriced to boot.  I would NOT at all recommend eating here.
This is definitely not a tapassmall plates restaurant - it has a few appetizers, but it's mainly for main courses.Although the service was very attentive and friendly and the portions are huge, the food just sucks.The shrimp is a bit questionable.  I had bacon wrapped shrimp as my main course and the bacon was soggy, which made the meal disgusting.  Moreover, the meal comes with a side of boiled vegetables (which is a throw away as they lack seasoningflavor) and a side of "Spanish" rice, which I think is really Goya Mexican rice seasoning thrown onto rice.I personally would not go back...unless there are major changes to the quality of food.
Completely overpriced and totally underwhelming. That about sums it up. We had a girls night out and one of the ladies suggested Mallorca. I knew the bad rep Mallorca had (my husband and I ate here a few years ago and I have the same opinion now I had then) but I thought just maybe they have listened to the masses and changed their ways. Nope. Sorry to say they have not changed a thing.I ordered one of the specials of the day, sea bass and I looooooooove sea bass. I can never turn down a good thick piece of that fish. One friend ordered the paella and the other gal ordered a dish I don't know the name of but it was a seafood dish with a few different types of seafood. But out first came the salad that had way too much dressing on it (dressing was totally meh). When my sea bass was delivered I was so incredibly disappointed. It was this teeny little flat square that had been seared with way too much oil (I had even asked that they skip the butter lemon sauce because instinctively I knew it would be swimming in it). It was totally greasy, yet at the same time undercooked. I didn't know that the sides were served family-style so I thought that was all I got but it wouldn't have mattered. The side of vegetables was totally greasy as well and not creative in the least. Totally bland. The rice is exactly as all the other reviewers have described: Rice a Roni meets Zatarains. Totally bland and  you cannot convince it didn't come from a box. My friend's paella was terrible. Bland, overcooked and soupy. My other friend didn't even eat half of her seafood meal. And the final straw was when I got my check and saw that they charged $39.95 for my fish. Wha Pah-lease. Those are the same prices as Wild Rosemary and their food is absolutely stupendous and worth every penny. So fresh, so creative. This was total junk and a meal I could have gotten for half the price at Max and Erma's, or even better yet, Eat-n-Park. It was so bad.Yes, the service was great but who cares when you're so disappointed and angry about being so stooped on your meal I can't believe this place still gets business. And the service was actually a little annoying. The main server was great, but the assistant to the waiter came over at the end of our meal about 3 times asking us if we were finished and when we said no he just stood there looking at us like we just spoke greek. He clearly wanted us out of there.Mallorca: I have no idea why you won't tap into the reviews here and use them to your benefit. You have gold here. People are telling you they want to go to your establishment if you'd only serve good food at reasonable prices. I don't think that's asking much.I've now made 2 mistakes eating here. That won't happen again. Ever.
The service was exceptional...like nothing I've ever experienced.  Unfortunately, I can't say the same for the food which was borderline inedible.  I honestly don't think that I would ever go back (even if I were offered a free meal).
I purchased a discount coupon for wine flights from Living Social for this restaurant, knowing we would be on vacation and may like to try out a Pittsburgh TapasWine Bar.  We had a terrible experience using the voucher, which is released via Living Social by the restaurant itself (it's their choice to put out this coupon), for those unfamiliar with Living Social.  The manager on duty on Friday night told the server two different things when we challenged her on the interpretation of the voucher.  We paid $15 for a "Wine Flight for Two," and she tried to say that we had to "choose one under $15 as the free one."  What free one  Can't she read the coupon they offered  We paid $15 already to get the voucher!  So it ended up being more expensive to use the voucher.  I would not go here again, based on the fact that they are trying to rip people off.  I'm also filing a complaint with Living Social, because they do a good job providing this service to those who use online coupons.  They don't need restaurants like this giving them a bad name.  As for the flights and food...they were okay.  We had two flights of wine, and some of the wines had been open way too long.  We also had a cheese platter and chocolate mousse.  The mousse was good.  But they didn't even tell you what was on the cheese platter.  For a tapas bar, that is very unusual.  The cheeses were nothing to brag about.Our server (Jacob, also the bartender) was great though!  He apologized and tried his best to resolve the situation.  Unfortunately management wasn't as concerned about guests in her establishment.
This was my 2nd trip to Ibiza. It has great decor and we really like tapas, so we decided to try it again. The first time we were VERY disappointed, the waiter was not good and the food was actually bad. So thinking we must have just ordered the wrong things we went back. The waiter this time was excellent. Unfortunately the food still horrible. The best thing about the meal was the free bread. I do not recommend this place at all, it is expensive and the food is not good.
It started off with a more-than-20-minute wait even though we had a reservation. After we finally got seated at the "tapas and wine bar," we waited for the waiter to come to the table. Finally he came, but he knew nothing about wine. We asked for a recommendation for a dry, minerally white wine, and after checking with someone else he brought us a sweet oaked chardonnay. Then there was the ceviche we ordered that didn't actually have avocado in it.. If you want generally mediocre food, consistently slow service, and waiters who don't know the wine or food, go to Ibiza. Otherwise, stay away.
My husband and I tried Ibiza for the first (and last) time. It's a nice looking space, but that's the last nice thing I have to say about it. We tried 4 tapas total, and found all of them underwhelming in flavor, and, in the case of the fried lamb chops, really bad. We both started with salads. I tried the marinated artichoke salad, and my husband had the grilled veggies. The veggies were probably the least offensive of the plates, as they were simply boring, and the artichokes had a weird flavor that I really could not describe or identify. I don't know what they use for a marinade, or if they open a can, or what, but they tasted bad. I love artichoke hearts, and I didn't even finish them. The salad greens were fine, and I liked the balsamic drizzle, but it appears on most of their plates, and that's not imaginative or interesting cooking by anyone's standards. I also ordered the tilapia ceviche with avocado. The ceviche was underseasoned, with little citrus and not enough salt, and had a weird bitter taste. The avocado was a slice served on the side, and I think they slice it ahead and leave it in a water and acid bath to keep it from browning, which had successfully leached it of any flavor whatsoever. The fried lamb chops were just as bad...an inferior, chewy chop with a bland crust and overly sweet sauce...yuck. When we sat down I ordered an amantillado sherry, and the server was stumped. Seems they don't offer a full line of sherries, so I went with the manzanilla, which I like just fine, but really A tapas bar with that limited a sherry offering Come on, guys, get it together. The owner of this estalishment should bring all of hisher employees to Cafe Iberico in Chicago to learn what a real tapas bar has to offer.
Went here with a party of five for my daughter's graduation. Our server did not seem very comfortable with the menu. He did not offer much in the way of ordering suggestions. We started out with both cold and hot tapas. The croquetas were excellent. The scallops were just ok. The tuna tartare was very fishy and did not appear fresh. The fried artichoke tapas was very good. The olives with cheese and serrano ham was tasty.  The spicy shrimp were very fishy, not spicy, and in a poor sauce. I had a chicken in a chorizo tomato sauce entree. The pieces of chorizo were tasty. In the dish which was small, there were three chicken wings and another piece on the bone. A very unimpressive dish. Another chicken entree was said to be dry. .The desserts were very small and not homemade. Overall, the meal was disappointing. Overall, not a great experience. We will not be going back.
I give credit where credit is due. Ibiza offers unique food options(even though they are over-priced.) The bread and hummus provided appetizer is a nice start, definitely a one-up on traditional bread and butter. I attended a graduation party on their outdoor patio in 2009. In my visits since then, I have been pleased with the service and food selection. All good things must come to an end I found this saying to be nothing short of the truth, due to my most recent experience at Ibiza. Back in May, I went to Ibiza for an 8pm, Monday(slow night for them) dinner, and had the worst dining experience of my life. Before I go any further...a tid bit of background information of my restaurant experience. Throughout high school and college, I worked as a waitress. That's eight solid years, folks. I worked at upscale restaurants and business clubs, serving the same type of clientele you would see at Ibiza. I know proper restaurant etiquette. That said, my three friends and I were rudely greeted by the host. He gave us that judgemental 'up and down' look like we didn't belong there. (Sidenote: we were all wearing appropriate dresses and heels.) Two of my friends had certificates to redeem. We knew the certificate rules...we couldn't sit together. We politely asked to sit at two, two top tables near each other since the restaurant was EMPTY. Sitting seperate would avoid ripping them off since we would order food and tip separate. I know how important tipping is, ripping them off wasn't even a thought in my mind. The host told us "no, it is against our rules." No further explanation, no apology, nothing. We tried to explain our position and asked why they would sit us across the room from each other in an empty restaurant! He kept repeating "those are our rules." He promptly left, leaving us to stand up front for 6 minutes (yes, I timed it.) So unprofessional!! The manager finally came to greet us, but he was also extremely rude and told us we could follow their rules or leave. He also did not offer an apology or explanation. My friends and I were baffled and I was ready to leave. My friends convinced me to stay so they could use up their certificates. Two of us sat at the bar and the other two were seated CLEAR across the EMPTY room from us. We didn't share food or any other infringment that would have 'ripped them off.' Ugh, Ibiza....rude rude rude. Restaurants are in business because they please customers. Every waitress job I had, we did EVERYTHING in our power to please the customer. Ibiza, you have failed...miserably. No second chances, no more good reviews.
Review Date: 08152009    My wife and I ate here last night and were really disappointed in the food. It's a nice looking place and the menu and service were ok. The house serves a small baguette and a ramekin of humus. The bread was average and the humus only tasted of garlic. Should have tasted of chickpeas with notes of garlic, it was heavy and cloying.    I ordered the roasted veg salad and the rack of lamb. The veg salad should really have been a tapas, not a large bowl of lettuce with some vegetables in it. The vegetables were bland and underseasoned and the balsamic dressing missed the mark entirely. This should have been a small plate of grilled vegetables redolent with sea salt and pepper and dressed in a fruity Spanish olive oil. We should have been offered fresh ground pepper with our salads, it would have helped them a little. The rack of lamb was 2 chops (not a rack) and they were deep fried. We couldn't taste the lamb under the terrible taste of the deep fryer and mystery batter. The sauce on the plate was bitter and the couscous was entirely forgettable. This dish was almost inedible.    My wife had the artichoke salad. Again, a huge plate of greens with a dozen artichoke hearts that had a terrible aftertaste. We both tried them and couldn't eat them. She followed with the ceviche. I had hoped it would taste of the ocean. Briny and just a little salty with bright acid tones and maybe a little green chili. This was as bland as you can imagine. The textures were good but the dish had very little flavor. I did catch a bitter lime note, we tried salting the dish and it was a little better but entirely forgettable at best.    Another second rate Pittsburgh restaurant. The owners would be served to import some chefs and maybe leave the area to try some better food to see what it tastes like before serving us this terrible excuse for a meal. My wife and I have over 25 years in combined food service experience.
we went for tapas on a saturday night, the food was awful, the cheese and meat plate was pre-prepared and so old an cold we hadto chisel the meat off with a fork and the cheese was stained from sausage slices resting on them for who knows how long! the rest got no better just more expensive, both the scallops and lamb we tastless, the calmari was soft and still had the stringy membrane attached, yuck! never going back
Nice decor, poor service and the food is over-priced and poorly executed. We were here with a party of 5 and nothing was exceptional. One tapas dish was really fishy. A few not bad. Main dishes were skimpy with no attention to quality and presentation. I do not recommend Ibiza at all. A waste of money.
Overpriced. Was blaring crap 90's trash-pop. Fruit flies everywhere. Some of the dishes were aiighhht but at tapas prices you expect perfection. Menu is too big.Next.
Sole', well I had high hopes, even though this was my second time there, and it was for one of my friends birthdays.  We all went out as a big group, and huh, well I am very blase' about this place the food is less than average, the service was good, the location is great, but the food is ... BLAH!  I Had to get extra order of habanero hot sauce for my Pork tenderloin, it looked like a frozen McChicken patty and when they brought out my plate everything was squared off like it was a TV dinner, and it didn't taste better than a Lean Cuisine either.  My girlfriend got the Fideau, basically a Spanish spin on seafood linguine.  And it was so-so as well, uh, if you have the choice I would pass on Sole'.Especially if you are expecting some sort of exotic Spanish food full of spice and pizazz, this place is not it.  Sole' ...No way... Thanks anyway.
I went to Sole on the weekend and found that it was so crowded and noisy I thought I would wait till later.  What better night to feed my paella hungrys than tonight when it rained cats and dogs - I was seated immediately and the noise level was bearable.  I ordered a house salad, paella Valenciana, thought I might have a dessert after.  I was served a very small roll with a small piece of very cold, hard butter and waited.  The salad was better than the standard peter rabbit variety of lettuce with a slice of tomato and was not ice cold, certainly a plus.  The paella came in a traditional paella dish with, I kid you not, three small clams, three muscles, a few pieces of squid, and a few shrimp.  The rice had little saffron flavor. The Sofrito  was extremely bland with little of the spices that one associates with this dish.  Basically Sole prepares this "all at once" so the flavors have little or no chance to "marry up" and the sea food being overcooked is rubbery. In other words you must "reserve" the sea food and add it back in at the last moment.  As for the rice it should not be disturbed at the end of cooking so the socarrat (a crispy caramelized rice) can form in the bottom of the pan (See recipe below).  I think if you can buy canned paella and warm it up in a microwave it might be a close approximation of this abomination.  On the way out I was asked  about how I liked my meal.  When I proceeded to explain to him why I was so disappointed he ask first where I had eaten  paella and suggested that next time i should probably eat it some where else.  At no time was I rude to this person and I was frankly astonished at his attitude.  So to all you yelpers I suggest that you too might want to consider trying to find real Spanish food somewhere else.  For my friend at Sole I hope that even though he assures me that never in 8 years has he had a complaint about their  paella he will take the time next time to have the real thing at either of the fine restaurants that I have referenced in NYC.  He might also like to check out this recipe- noting the importance of the socarrat, the Sofrito, and the gradual "building" of the paellahttp:www.yelp.combizel-charro-espanol-new-yorkquery:spanish%20foodThis restaurant is a treasure and has been  serving a very special crowd for over thirty years.http:www.yelp.combizsocarrat-paella-bar-new-yorkFor those who are not quiet as adventuresome as might be demanded by tiny little el Charro this is one of NY's best Spanish restaurants.http:www.paellapans.comPaella-Recipe-Seafood-a142.htmThis is close to the paella that I am accustomed to eating at el-Charro's -  note the emphasis on the proper forming of the SocarratRegardless of all this.  Common courtesy is something that I expect from any restaurant.  This place comes up short on just about every thing.
Don't like this place at all. I ordered the lobster one, for some reason that didn't taste so good. The lobster didn't taste fresh also. Won't go back
I've taken hot yoga from many studios in Phoenix, and this is by far the WORSE.I'm pretty sure the instructor Dawn has A.D.D. She couldn't seem to focus on the class. The class was in shambles. Everyone of doing different positions, it was ridiculously unorganized. Dawn would start counting down a pose, then forget about the class and start doing her own moves in the mirror, then remember about us and start counting down again at a totally different number.She'd put us in a pose, then start random chatting with people, and totally forget about us. It was a total waste of time. Speaking of time....the class is scheduled for 1hr25min. I think the class is soo long to schedule in Dawn's day dreaming. The class started almost 10 minutes late, and went WAY OVER 1hr25mins. I was ready to scream! Thank god I only went there on a $20 coupon. I'm never going back.
This place came recommended highly by someone I met at a near-by raw food restaurant, although I'm not sure how or why anyone would recommend this place.We showed up to the yoga studio in plenty of time for class to start only to find we were late for a class that was just beginning. They guy at the front desk informed us that the online schedule was either for the previous or following week. ((I don't remember which one!))I've never experienced a yoga studio more stinky than this one - and I've been to plenty of hot yoga studios. Why does this place smell so badThe yoga mats this place provided were disgusting -- I'm still in disbelief that I actually used one.The studio looks old and outdated -- it did not feel clean at all. I would definitely not walk around barefoot or naked in the locker rooms. I am not new to yoga, but a friend of mine that was with me was new. The instructor never once came over to help re-position her into the correct stances. Disappointing. The instructors looked out of shape - major turn off.I would never go back to this place. I'll never forget that stench.
Walmart Yoga Studio!Good variety of classes going all day long. - that's the only plus in my eyes.   Before you ever take a class they force you to go on a new member orientation which is really an attempt to push a membership down your throat, hard sales pitch.   I guess this is smart on their end bc once you have tried them out for the free week you probably won't want to continue.  Here is my list of deal breakers:   *  not enough parking - have to park three streets down and hike in the dark   *  Locker room is way too small - good luck finding a locker or having room to         change    * I don't know about these other reviews, but the facility is NOT super clean    * Classes are packed.  head to foot can't even fully extend wo hitting the person         next to you    * classes are excessively hot to the point you actually feel sick and I have taken hot      yoga before so the concept is not new to me.    * they pay the instructor dirt cheap rates so they expect you to tip them to make up       for it.All in All this place has the quantity not quality mentality.  They hit around 800 members a day and cram you in like cattle.  The studio is also building another room and trying to get you in to offset this cost.  the crowding issues will only get worse.  They sign new members constantly and can't accommodate the mass numbers of people coming in.  ON the new member sales tour they even admit to Wal-marting the competition.   Don't be lured by the dirt cheap price bc even $300 a year to a place you are not happy with is not a good deal.
Too crowded,  no parking,  pushy salesperson.I'm pretty fit and thought I would try yoga at Hot vegas,  since they offer so many classes at different times of the day. I bought a Groupon to try it out without having to commit.  Before u take a class there's a mandatory 45 minute sales pitch.  $399 yearly,  if u buy now,  they tell u its for a limited time but from reading reviews apparently the limited time is a few years now.  The classes are over crowded,  u must show up really early to get a spot on the floor.  Yogis can be very aggressive if you "take"  their usual spot on the floor,  i was badgered by one who said that the spot I was in,  is his and his partners spot. He wanted me to move.  Hey first come first serve buddy. So all class long he kept invading my space. It's barefoot  so bring flip flops,  make sure yours are distinct,  mine were accidentally taken by a guy who mistook my women's size 6.5 for his men's size 10. I had to chase him down,  luckily he was in line for drinking water.  He really thought these were his flip flops. I have 10 visits on my Groupon that I'm just going to give up on.  I guess they count on new members to be discouraged and not return,  by the way no refunds. All in all horrible experience,  those who say they come here cause they hate 24 hour fitness or Lvac, what r they talking about its the same situation,  you might not have to wait  for a machine but you just won't get a spot on the floor.
This is the ENRON of Yoga.  Probably the worst company in the industry.Show up 15 min EARLY or your miss the class you ALREADY SIGNED IN FOR!!! WTF!!!I work for a living, I can't drive an hour each day to a yoga class THAT I ALREADY PAID FOR and ALREADY SIGNED INTO to have it overbooked.  Maybe if I was unemployed and could sit around all day.  What a rip off.What a poorly managed yoga studio, there's an online sign in that DOES NOT WORK and it's totally useless since it doesn't reserve you a spot.You seriously have to tip toe between mats since they like to cram more people than legally allowed than the fire occupancy code.  My guess is that the yoga instructor pay sucks, so since it is tip based the instructors also have an incentive to pack you in their classes.  DO NOT tip when it's packed.Hey Ladies, do you like dark creepy unlit roads  You get to park on some dirt  gravel road since Vegas Hot Yoga not only has insufficient mat space in each class but they don't even have enough parking so you get to park on some creepy road.I want to a refund, this place sucks, oh and I called the owner but guess what His voice mailbox is full, probably from other angry customers.
The next pose is smell the feet of the person in front, then next pose  - touch your neighbor's sweaty palms, then next one, have someone's sweat get on your body, your face... And more yucky poses because they try to squeeze 75 people in a tiny room. I used to like this place but now I don't go there that often. They should open up more classes and rooms. If you go to this studio, you will find studio rooms empty downstairs because they try to squeeze too many people in a small space. I don't recommend this place anymore.
Facility is dirty, staff is unfriendly, location is hard to find.  Try Body Heat Yoga in Silverado instead.  Much cleaner facility.  I bought a groupon for Vegas hot to try, tried once and I will be returning to Body heat instead
Loved the studio and classes, but be careful when signing up for memberships. They went over the top during the tour to explain selling or transferring your membership, then push non-transferable membership packages. When I was unexpectedly transferred out of state for work, I went to transfer my membership and they pretty much told me I was SOL. I left over 6 messages for a manager to plea my case and never received a call back.
You get what you pay for, 50.00 used to get you reasonably good food and smoothies. Clean facilities, 75 minute classes, more class times to choose from 29.00 a month gets you a choice of 4 smoothies made of stale coconut water and 12 the protein or ingredient that you pay for. The mens showers are stinky and moldy in the air vents have sign of rust. There are classless postings everywhere telling people to tip 2-4 dollars a class. The signs are literally everywhere, they make people uncomfortable. The signs could be more inviting "remember to tip your teachers :)" instead you get "DONT FORGET TO TIP YOUR TEACHERS 2-4 PER CLASS!!!" It cost doesn't matter the cost per month you'll still get lousy customer service, I recommended so many people over the years and I honestly haven't done that in a long time. The last couple of friends I did get charge 2 times a month for whatever reason, when they called they wouldn't refund but wanted to give 50.00 on credit to use on their lousy smoothies. The reason why I come here is because it's close to my house and 3 of the women teachers are great. The others are amateur at best, it seems they went thru the course and then were certified to teach. Some monotone teachers should teach yin and not bootcamp. This place was built as a place for healing, serenity and to be and get healthy. It's literally turned into a second class place to go get yelled at in a classroom and sweat. If I don't catch my favorite educated teachers who lead class with caring about the body mind and spirit. You'll get yelled at and do the same reps over and over. I want this place to do well, people used to be so happy here and now it's just a building full of angry employees, smelly bathrooms, and confusing class check in locations. I hope vegas hot reads this review in anticipation of hearing from their clients  customers to fix things. Keep it simple, happy. Close the wannabe smoothie location and offer more classes so your teachers can make more tips
I've been a member for over 2 years now. At first, I loved the change from the usual local gym. The instructors were awesome! They were happy and amazing. However the past 6 months or so, the studio has lost it's appeal. And the soap in the bathrooms. Wth, isn't that a health code violation! The signs that are up asking for tips to keep the instructors are also tacky. Too bad too. This was a perfect location and atmosphere.
I have been a member for over two years. I used to be in love with this place and go practice religiously but now things have definitely changed....for the worst! Most instructors that I love have quit or been let go in the recent months due to their pays being cut or other personal issues with the owner King, showers are disgusting and never any soap now, there are tacky hand written signs to tip instructors $2-$3 per class, the schedule is definitely not what it is used to be. The owner has been greedy and selfish & careless towards his staff and especially the members that paid to attend! My contract ends in a couple months....and I will NOT renew. I have recommend this place to so many friends and co-workers & absolutely regret it. I feel terrible for all the people who I refereed that purchased year contracts!!! It WAS an amazing place :(
i was told if if i bought a strip of classes, that I could use for other things like massage, etc.   when i called for massage appointment they said they don't offer this anymore.  they would not give a return on my money, i live to far away to use for yoga.  so they mislead into signing up and now have stolen my money.
They made me wait over 30 minutes for my first appointment, yet if you are late 10 min you get cancelled and charged $10.  Front desk tried to charge me a co-pay of $35 yet my insurance covers 100% with no co-pay or deductible. Would not recommend. Find a better place to get your physical therapy.
There's a reason why this place has no reviews.  It's never open...not even at 6:30 pm on a Thursday.  Even though the sign said "Open" and the door was open.  I guess I was supposed to know that it was closed.  But all I got was two people screaming in my ear that it was closed like I barely understood or something.  So much for customer service.  Needless to say, I probably won't be back.
Maybe I went on a bad day but the food was pretty darn terrible. The spring rolls were falling apart and only filled with noodles and a couple of sad looking shrimp, no thai basil or mint leaves or cilantro to speak of. I also got some crispy noodles with seafood which I only ate because I had been sitting on a train for 9 hours and was starving. And the whole thing was seriously overpriced for Pittsburgh, New York prices for extremely subpar vietnamese, meh.
Why do so many people in Pittsburgh love this place The other day someone asked me... where's your favourite Vietnamese food I told them that I didn't know which was my favourite, but I could tell you which was my least favourite: Tram's. I don't even care about the decor or seating etc. Usually the best Vietnamese comes from fairly sketchy looking joints. I had their "Special" noodle bowl which is their version of Bun thit nuong. It looked a mess. The spring rolls were cut up brutally and then everything was tossed in. Usually when you order this at other place, it doesn't come "pre-mixed." Honestly, it looked like someone had already starting eating this. I thought to myself... "Okay they have a different presentation style." But as I ate, I was even more disappointed. They hardly put any fresh vegetables in it, and the vermicelli is overcooked. The spring rolls were completely soggy. I don't think their menu is limited though, it seemed fairly typical. I don't know, maybe their Pho is better, but I'm already too disappointed to come back.After reading other people's reviews and trying other Vietnamese places around the city and then having Vietnamese food in Toronto(at an average place), I'm throughly convinced that people in this city have no idea what Vietnamese food is supposed to taste like.Oh and one last thing... do you actually believe that their food is vegetarian I guess the joke's on you.
If you have been to any other PHO restaurant, in any other city, Tram's Kitchen would be OUT OF BUSINESS! For starters, the portion of the PHO is extremely SKIMPY! I don't think we have had such a small portion of PHO since we were Babies! Seriously, would it kill you to add more rice noodles Since we had the PHO as our Appetizers, we then ordered the Seafood Pan Fried Noodles...Oh wait...we paid for Seafood...but all we got were vegetables and some imitation they call seafood. What a Joke! Suggestion if you plan on going here. Come FULL and just order the Spring Roll.
I didn't care too much for the atmosphere because most hole in the wall sort of restaurant are authentic & non-Americanized (which is what I'm looking for).  Location of the restaurant was in a run down (kind of Old Pittsburgh style) and parallel parking was a must, be aware that you may have to park far and walk to the restaurant if you're not able to get front door service.  Inside I didn't expect much, tablecloths were vinyl and chairs with uneven stands.  All I care about was the authenticity of the food & cost for what it's worth.I started my meal with an appetizer of Goi Cuon with shrimp.  I was highly disappointing when disecting what was in it.  There was 1 shrimp cut in half lengthwise, mainly bun (rice noodle) for fillers along with a few strands of beansprouts & lettuce to make it look presentable.  I quickly devoured the tiny appetizer in 2 bites.  My main entree was Pho Ha Noi.  It took forever for the food to arrive, it was a big bowl.  Until I stirred it around to find out it was mainly broth and green onions.  The broth was flavorless, actually it didn't have any flavor; so I had to add hoisin sause to give it a little of whatever to go along with the sliced pork.  I was confused about the noodle itself, Pho is usually served with flat vermicelli noodle; but this Pho Ha Noi was served with round vermicelli noodles usually for Bun Bo entree.  I asked the old man with the amputated arm, why it was served with bun (round rice noodle) instead of pho (flat rice noodle) noodles, he laughed and insisted it was pho (flat rice noodle).  Ok I may be young but I wasnt born yesterday, I think I know my pho noodle and sorry it wasn't.  Next visit to the 'burgh, I think I'll try Pho Minh & see how their PHO compares to Tram's Kitchen.  So HIGHLY disappointed with my Pho experience.
I've been to Tram's several times, always hoping for a better experience, and more importantly, better food.  I eventually gave up.  The food tends to be bland, the owner brusque, and with Pho Minh just up the street, I find myself going there when I'm craving a hot bowl of pho on a cold Pittsburgh winter night.Food highlights -    None that I can really think of.  The food is cheap.Food cons -    The component that makes or breaks a bowl of pho is the broth.  It is the one thing that must be good for the soup to be enjoyable.  I've never had any hint of real flavor from the broth itself (before you add the plum sauce and the srirachia and basil and lime).  This is something that Tram's has gotten badly wrong every time I visited.
I only had Pho so I can't judge the rest of the food, but the Pho was the worst I've ever had. Biggest let down ever, as I drove here once and it was closed and came back excited to get my fill of Pho at what's apparently the best place in Pittsburgh, but  left feeling sad. The broth tasted like water, and amount of beef and noodles you get was pathetic.
Went here last weekend with friends. Two of us became violently ill with food poisoning. Ordinarily, I would recommend the spring rolls and the pho, of course, but since my trip to the ER, I won't be back here again.
Don't believe the hype.Was in the Pittsburgh area for one day and decided to try the pho here.  It was a toss up between Pho Minh and here.  I think I chose wrong.A rule of thumb is a good ethnic restaurant will be swarming with that particular ethnic people.  When I went, all I saw were non-Asians.  Ordered the pho and it was mediocre and forgettable. It did not taste flavorful and authentic but maybe that's what is available in Pittsburgh.Another sour note, they dropped off some spring rolls at our table.  It was our first time there and I thought they were complimentary so we ate them.Later on, we saw them on our bill.  WE DIDN'T EVEN ORDER THEM.They were overpriced, and not worth it.Be careful if they drop off food or drinks at your table, they will bill you for it afterwards even if you didn't order it.
Being Vietnamese I've had tried tons of Vietnamese Pho restaurants and Tram's has to be one of the worse place I've ever been to. The food was mediocre and full of MSG. I ordered a rice vermicelli dish with egg rolls and they were oily and greasy. The Pho was nothing special and place was small and looks dirty. My total bill doesn't reflect the price of the dishes I ordered. My bill came out to be higher than what's listed on the menu. Maybe because I'm vietnamese and being a visitor to Pittsburg for the first time, they think is ok to overprice their dishes on a Sunday night. Although the old man at the place is nice, this place doesn't deserve the stars that's given. I don't recommend this place to anyone especially my Vietnamese comrades whom may visit to Pittsburg looking for good authentic home town cooking.
First of all, Tram's has been cited by the Allegheny Health Department for code violations like not storing meat at proper temperatures. I also personally know several people who have gotten violently ill from eating there. If that's not enough to stop you, read on.I feel like people who like this place are confusing "dirty & mean" with authentic. The staff are unpleasant and it doesn't feel like a place you'd want someone cooking food. And finally, sure, all of this could be different if the food was good, but in my opinion, it is not. Bland and disappointing, the Pho most of all. Pittsburgh has so many great asian restaurants, including other Vietnamese options, that I don't see any reason to eat here.
The bubbleboba tea was absolutely disgusting.
This is Vietnamese food for North Scottsdale white folks who have never had Vietnamese food before.It's a fast food style place that gives you food with very little flavor and tells you to start adding sriracha and oyster sauce util it starts to taste good.Really really bad.
oh boy, I guess if you haven't had much exposure to Vietnamese food then it would be decent.  I'm from San Francisco and this place would go out of business in a heart beat up there.
Be careful of their green matcha tea. They will charge you around 7 bucks for a small cup of matcha green tea. They say they will add orange juice to "enhance" the flavor. The end result is beyond catastrophic: I got green color diluted, old orange juice. Their pho is bland and unauthentic. All and all I'm sad I wasted time and money on such a disappointed meal.
Not a fan of Americanized pho.
What a huge disappointment. Was really in the mood. First the guy gets the order wrong and is slow to correct the mistake. I order grilled chicken. Seems  simple.I have never seen or tasted chicken that looked more like sundries dog turds.Dry, causing me to choke. You can tell I am loving this place. The man behind the counter seemed mildly annoyed taking our order. The girl was sweet if not somewhat clueless. Sound good Took two bites and left. Wondered why I took a second bite.Sick. They could have cared less. Oh the rice was mushy. Slice of cucumber
Absolutely unimpressed with my latest visit today. I made an over the phone order for some spring rolls, and I was told a five minute wait. I got there and the food was indeed ready, but when I went to the counter to pay, the 10 year old boy (I know this is a family owned establishment but come on..) charged me $10 and change for a menu item that is advertised at $6.99. I asked the boy if this was correct and he said yes. So I paid for my three dramatically overpriced spring rolls and left. Once I got in the car and looked at the order they were completely wrong... Expecting the spring rolls to be the traditional vietnamese spring rolls with shrimp and pork, they were some sort of dark meat, messily wrapped concoction that is nothing similar to what was expected or what they have served there in the past. Buyer beware..
Goddess got it right.  This place is pretty, and it looks so promising.  Big disappointment.   There was nothing for vegetarians.  The food was mediocre at best.  I'd choose Pho Nhat over this pretty restaurant any day.  Don't judge a book by its cover.  No good.
It is under new management.  The food is not quite as good as before.  The spring roll wrapper was dried and hard as if it was made a while ago.  The pho soup was too peppery, which is very unusual.
Being a huge fan of Vietnamese food and how healthy it is I tried this place with a friends recommendation. He had pointed this place out since it had the very same menu as my favorite place Da Vang. Knowing this I thought this place was maybe a family relative or something and might have a very similar food, which should be very good. Boy was I wrong! So wrong that I would almost have thought that my friend was playing a horrible joke on me. Had he not been sitting next to me I would have thought that he was not serious about this place. Almost so bad to the point that I had to question our friendship for a brief short period we were sitting there. To start, the spring roll. One of the most popular Vietnamese creations that everyone knows. When done right it can cause overloading emotions of happiness and satisfaction. We all know that a good spring roll is a sign of a good beginning to a meal, almost like that first real good kiss you get. Well this one is not it, small, skinny and filled with nothing but lost hope and broken dream. Small portions of shrimp and meat, if there was any meat in it at all. Most of all the they even cheaped out on the vermicelli noodles, lettuce and mint. More like the worst kiss you ever got , bad enough to break up over. Then the pho, the staple of Vietnamese cuisine, the first thing that anyone thinks about when they hear Vietnamese food. Well upon ordering the food I expected a delicious and heart warming soup. Well the broth was flavorless, I could have made a better one with water and  a bouillon cube. The dish was beautiful though. So simple, and the onions and jalapeno cut thin as they can get it and the cilantro chopped roughly. The taste was just not there. The service like any Vietnamese place was lacking. This place was the worst of them all. The server, a kid who spoke no English paying no attention to anyone and not caring at all.  He must have gotten suckered into free labor by his father or someone who equally didn't care about their patrons.All in all the visual appeal of the pho was amazing in that the small details of the ingredients were executed nicely. The  spring roll was done poorly and you can get a better one from Trader Joe's. The flavors of the food lacking in all aspects, please someone give them some salt and pepper to cook with. Pho in it's greatness can be enjoyed with out all the sriracha or hoison we all love to ruin the natural flavor of the broth with, but this place it is needed to bring the brown water of a broth to life.
My first impression was not good already. The food does not have good quality and NOT fresh. But we gave a benefit of a doubt because it is VERY cheap. Appertizers for $2 is a good deal I admit. The second time we came, the customer service was BAD. We ordered a vietnamese sandwich and it never came, we had to tell the server to ask when our order came. And still we had to wait 10 minutes, my husband waited for his sandwich the whole time I was eating my food. Recommended if you want cheap food and dont really care about the quality and the customer service.
Don't come here for Pho! It's not authentic and it's Chinese style trust me!!! But they do have good crispy fried chicken. This place is not a good authentic Vietnamese restaurant but it's an authentic Chinese restaurant. Try phu Thanh instead in mesa!! If u want good Vietnamese food
One less star for every piece of hair I found in my bowl of fake Bun Bo Hue.   Found a total of 5 but yelp requires me to rate at least one star. Besides the HAIRS, the broth was greasy, and unflavored.  Every ingredients I tried to add to make it taste better  was useless....USELESS!!!  They took it back and gave me a new one and still made me pay for the meal of hair that I had to eat!
Don't go to this restaurant.  The employees are THIEVES.   My daughter left her phone on the table and went back to get it from the parking lot.  When she got back to the table the phone and the tip was gone.  The employees claimed they didn't have or see the phone.  I used Lookout security to locate the phone 4 hours later at the restaurant and returned.  When I did the employees again played innocent.  We then made the phone scream using the software.  When we did someone in the restaurant stashed the phone in the men's bathroom in the toilet brush holder (YUK).   Proof is that an employee had the phone and wouldn't give it up to me or my daughter until they couldn't silence it and had to stash it in the bathroom.  Again, nothing but a bunch of thieves work there and they'll steal from you any chance they get.
What happened to this place  it used to be one of my favorite places and now the food has gone way down hill. Worse, our family has gotten food poisoning the last two times they ate there so it is no more for us.  What a shame this place used to be amazing.
The service here was horrible. From the moment we began ordering our server seemed to have a chip on her shoulder. When we got our food it wasn't exactly what we thought so we asked to send it back. The server was increasingly rude after this and continued to tell me that it was what I ordered. As a consumer, all I was looking for was an apology and new plate of food. Our server never returned and instead a new one arrived and proceeded to slam our plates down on the table. I can easily say I will never return and will encourage others to not even bother going! Save your time and money... Not worth it!
We always eat here when we crave Saigon Pho. Today was the last we eat here. Here's why .We ate with 2 other families. One of the families got their order wrong. Instead of apologizing,  the server kept pointing at the menu telling them that they got what they ordered. Then, my friend found a dead fly in his food. Disappointed friend talked to another  server about it. You know what the server said instead of simply apologizing  She said "you sit by the door so the fly must have gotten in and on your food." My friend's wife said that the fly was already under the food.  Server replied, "no, no, no, no!" She should have just apoligized so they could have moved on. They even had the audacity to charge them for the plate with the dead fly. My friends paid for it anyways. I could tell that they were trying to get rid of us. The other server gave our check even though we were still eating. He kept coming back for it thinking I would put my card on the bill. Later,  I see a server putting a shaved ice desert on our table. We didn't accept it. My friend said the damage has been done. All they needed was an apology,  but instead, the rude server kept on with her attitude.  Finally, the couple asked for the number of their manager. Rude server was upset. These people need to learn about customer service and ethics. I never make reviews.  When I do, it's  something everyone has to know about.
Update: Remember the friend thand had eaten the food with a fly Well, today his wife just told me he has been going to the bathroom all day. I think he got food poison They're going to be reported to the Department of Health, Chandler City, and BBB.--------We always eat here when we crave Saigon Pho. Today was the last we eat here. Here's why .We ate with 2 other families. One of the families got their order wrong. Instead of apologizing,  the server kept pointing at the menu telling them that they got what they ordered. Then, my friend found a dead fly in his food. Disappointed friend talked to another  server about it. You know what the server said instead of simply apologizing  She said "you sit by the door so the fly must have gotten in and on your food." My friend's wife said that the fly was already under the food.  Server replied, "no, no, no, no!" She should have just apoligized so they could have moved on. They even had the audacity to charge them for the plate with the dead fly. My friends paid for it anyways. I could tell that they were trying to get rid of us. The other server gave our check even though we were still eating. He kept coming back for it thinking I would put my card on the bill. Later,  I see a server putting a shaved ice desert on our table. We didn't accept it. My friend said the damage has been done. All they needed was an apology,  but instead, the rude server kept on with her attitude.  Finally, the couple asked for the number of their manager. Rude server was upset. These people need to learn about customer service and ethics. I never make reviews.  When I do, it's  something everyone has to know about.
This place is dirty I feel like my food was recycled.  The service was bad. I asked for a lot of lemons they gave me two slices(dry slices) I had to clean my chopsticks and spoons.
TERRIBLE SERVICE! Waited 20 mins for food. Had to ask waitress for water and she stared at my husband for the longest time and then said, "yea" after he had to ask her again while pointing to the water. It was ridiculous! Got our food and it was the wrong order. The pho noodles were not even soft and were hard. When I went to complain to the head waitress on duty, all she said was, "ok ok ok ok". No "thank you" not "I'm sorry!!" NOTHING!! It was HORRIBLE service!!!!!!!!!!
I will admit the food is good, the service is as quick as a fast food drive thru restaurant. Eventhough the service was quick, it was very unfriendly, I guess that's the price you have to pay for quick service. Another thing, they are not kid friendly. If you have kids under the age of 15 years old, do not take them there. My 1 year old was playing with chopsticks and dropped them on the floor, the lady cleaning of the tables, picked them up and ran away with them, never to be seen again. She never brought us another pair of chopsticks to replace the ones she took. Of course, we didn't need them, my wife was using a fork and I was using my chopsticks. I think they didn't like my kid playing with the chopsticks, so that may be why they took them away and didn't bring us an extra pair. In conclusion, I would eat there again, but only carry out. I will never sit there and eat. There is too many other restaurants out there, to have to settle on such an unfriendly place.
don't like, i ask for spicy not a jar of red chili pepper.  one person wating on 20 tables. you think about how quick you get serve.
crappy food and crappy service
I've been to Cyclo twice. The first time was great. The food and service was really good. Pretty reasonably priced. Really loved the fact that you could bring your own wine. Went back about a year later. Again, food was great. The garlic green beans as good as I remember. Pretty good service. The owner was there again in another cute little dress (sorry, but I notice that kind of shit). Liked the check holders had customer graffiti all over them (more dumb shit I notice). Finished the wine and meal, hit up the bathroom before leaving. Only one and it was occupied. Fine, it's a small place I understand. Wait a bit, then our spiky haired waiter comes out. He gives me a shifty look, which I didn't understand. I Immediately get it once I make my way in and look at the toilet. Didn't even put the seat up. Piss everywhere. I was so mad. Unfortunately, the bill was paid and he was tipped by the time I came out. F'n disgusting. I hate to judge the place by one waiter, but feel like if they are gonna let this ahole work here, can't help but think what else they might be letting slide.  Sorry, won't be back.
What the pho, man!The food is bland.  It tastes like they cater to the elderly.The prices are high for the type of food you are getting.  Nobody should have to bay over $5.75 for ANY type of pho.  I've gone there 2x and I don't know if it's just me, but the hostess there just rubbed me the wrong way both times.  She was cracking jokes and making comments that were borderline inappropriate.  They focus more on decor and trying to "entertain" their patrons rather than focusing on what's really important... the food.You want a really good, AUTHENTIC bowl of Pho  Go to Saigon Pho on Alma SchoolKnox.  It's not as ritzy and refined, but the pho and other menu items there are less expensive, tastes better, and they serve you much larger portions.  Eat at Cyclo if you want to have a SEEMINGLY over-attentive hostess bothering you while you try to eat.  (I say "seemingly" because while you may think she's over-attentive, in reality, she hasn't even done as much as refill your water glass.)
Why is this listed far away from its actual location. I can't seem to be able to check in herePros:Ambiance, Small Establishment (mom and popish... something I support)Cons:Probably everything else.This is my 5th time visiting this place and the only reason for it has been its proximity. The service has always been shoddy (subjective). I guess you have to be a regular or catch the owners eye to be given any sort of good service. As for me I got the "don't care for you" service ( even though only 4 tables were occupied during the lunch hour). I guess I must be becoming invisible.Food: Saw the prices and was a bit surprised (asian upper class restaurant somewhat of an anomaly, easily double of what you get in other Vietnamese restaurants. Thought to myself the food better rock for these prices). Ordered the mint chicken, what I got was a well decorated but bland and not seasoned dish. I had to put in heaps of fish sauce and oyster sauce just to make it palatable. What a waste of good earned cash and a bad aftertaste to boot. Hopefully in future this review will remind me never to visit this place again.
I agreed with reviewer, ' Ima yelp'.  What a rip off.  $12.00 for a small bowl of noodles. I find nothing special about their food that can justify double price.  Taste, texture, ingredient, serving size - everything is the same as other Vietnamese restaurants that normally charge between $5 -$ 7.00.
First, they don't answer their phone. Next, they are closed between lunch and dinner. Finally, it is ridiculously OVER PRICED for the area and quality. $43! I literally pay $24 for the exact same order at another pho spot very close. I'm not opposed to paying out the nose for great food, but it better be just that. And it isn't.
My family went here for dinner and I am 100% sure the staff, especially Justine, was prejudiced against us because we were Vietnamese.  The Pho was mediocre and all the food we ordered were overpriced.  While Justine made her rounds to chat, flirt, and engage all her Caucasian guests, we were ignored and forgotten.  And by "forgotten," I mean, they didn't bring out our food until we reminded them we existed.  Yes, the greens and food were fresh. However, calling this place a Vietnamese restaurant would be comparable to calling Taco Bell a Mexican restaurant.We didn't care so much about the price as long as the food was good. However, since both the food was sub-par and the service was terrible, this is one place we will not be returning to.
I normally don't take the time to write reviews on anything but my experience at this place motivated me to create a yelp account.  First, the owner was irritating and sarcastic. I almost wanted to tell her to leave us alone so we can eat. She must think she is something. Second, the food was average, I have had far better vietnamese food. Third, servings were small for the price we paid for. Fourth, this place is RIDICULOUSLY expensive for a vietnamese place. Last and certainly not the least... I don't recommend this place. Went there once and will never ever go back again. Bad place guys, not worth your time and money.
Pho ga chicken was dried out. The spring rolls were the smallest portion I've ever seen & the peanut sauce was watered down. I've tried eating here twice. I give up
I really wanted to give this place stars but when you live in the Bay Area and have access to so many pho spots this place just does not meet the mark.  Especially when they want to charge 8.50 a medium bowl..... The decor has been updated since last yet the service and food is the same.. just pricier.  I have heard that their crabcrayfish night is the funtasty however I have yet to experience it.  This review is based on 8 different returns to the restaurant... different times of year, different years.  Yeahhhhhh-- not again.
i dont know what that last person was eating but, this place was inexpensive and good. the bad thing was the service. i eat once a week and always manage to spend less than 20.the bad service: i asked for a half taro and half mango smoothie drink to be mixed. 3 different people came over to tell me that "its no good." im like what do you mean "no good" im asking for it. then a fourth person came to my table to tell me "taro mango does not taste good." im like who are you to tell me what amuses my palate. so i asked for 1 mango smoothie and 1 taro. so i stood in the middle of the restaurant and got most peoples attention. i grabbed both the drinks in my hand and attempted to mix it and spoke out loud... " EVERY EMPLOYEE TOLD ME I COULDNT HAVE THIS MIXED BECAUSE THEY TOLD ME IT WOULDNT TASTE GOOD" after mixing it and tasting in front of a disturbed audience i said"THIS IS THE BEST MUTHAFUKN DRANK I HAVE EVER TASTED. TARO MANGO MIX. MMMMM! DONT EVER TELL ME WHAT I CAN AND CANNOT MIX STUPID DUMASSES"what an experience that was for me and everyone else in the restuarant...lol
I decided to get out of my normal routine of going to Pho Saigon 8 and decided to try a new place. Boy, was I PISSED! At first, i saw that it was packed with Asians (good sign, right). Whatever they were eating must not have been pho, because the broth sucked. It was this cloudy brown water with very little meat. I felt like I was being ripped off. I actually left angry because I could have gone to Saigon 8 like I originally wanted to.
Your service sucks. Even by vietnamese standards. Your host is absent minded. I had to remind me him 3 times about my party and he STILL did not write my name on the list. THEN he seated parties that came after my party. Not just a few, A BUNCH. You suck pho long. Your service blows.  You need a new host, or a better one or at least train them to not ignore your customera.  I am generally very lienient on servce at PHO joints because you get what you pay for but you service was sensationally abysmal. Not to mention, your Pho is subpar, and the spring rolls are itty bitty.  ugh. never again.
Wait was long... service was bad ( aside from one bus boy).  Food  Not worth the price you pay for.
First, Saigon 8 is much better. The bathroom smells like a petting zoo at Kim Long, and there were roaches on the floor. The parking is crowded and it smells like an armpit. Trust me, I've been to many pho places in garden grove and Westminster and this place is schwag. Also, you'll like what happened there: There is a nice looking girl at the front (employee) that drives an expensive benz, and my buddy quietly said "oh, that's a nice looking girl". Nobody at my table cared and our conversation moved on to gambling talk. Then, the bus boy strolled up to our table and instead of asking if everything was alright, rudely said "how do you know my fiance, and why are you talking about her". I almost started laughing because a thought it was a joke, but the guy was mad. I walked up to the manager and expressed my concern, then I asked the girl why her fiance was bugging us. She said she is not engaged, and definitely not to the bus boy, lol. Then mysteriously the bus boy became silent and disappeared. The kitchen cleared out like there was going to be a fight, in fact the waiter called them up front like an old kung fu movie. It was disrespectful to all the customers, my table, the girl, and embarrassing to mgmt and the bus boy. What a weird place, I also think he might have thought we were talking about the girl because my fiend's name is genny and maybe that was her name, but what a bunch of foolishness. Either way, if you are not trying out for a kung fu movie where you have to fight the whole staff, I suggest going elsewhere. This is not the best pho, and they are not the best listeners. They are quick to judge. It smells and has bugs. I will be sure to only stop here if I have to take a dump.
Yo yo, this is 'Genny' (short for General, not Jennifer!) from Ed's review.  Ok, the pho is good I thought.  They hook up the meat and I gotta get my protein, so I liked the place.  Its been a tradition to hit up phokimlong every time we go to vegas, mostly cuz the name is funny.  'Yo lets go phokimlong!'But this tradition is gettin the BAN.  We've seen the pretty girl that works there before, but this time when we went, we didnt see her.  We ordered, ate, then I went to go pee.  I get back, and my homie says 'hey genny theres your girl'.  Cool, I was gonna say what up when we left.  Note that nothing disrespectful was said!But then little asian gumby the BUSBOY had to come and butt in our convo.  Now if you're gonna step up, step up correct.  He comes in with his head down, whispering 'why you talkin about my fiance'  Then he just leaves.  I barely heard what he said, so I was like is dude serious  I was gonna let it slide and talk to pretty girl when we left, but big homie Bolo Eddie had to go see what was up with gumby, and thats when the managers got scared and started callin the mexis workin in the back to come in.  I went with him, so it killed my chance with talkin to homegirl :(So my ratings are:Food: 4 - lots of meat, meatballs are pretty bombService: NEGATIVE 5 - busboy, stick to refilling water and cleanin up dishesCleanness: 1 - not the cleannest place, we're not in viet anymoreWell I'm bout to get off work now, so I'll end this.  To the pretty girl, if you see this, I was the dude with the Coolio hair, how are you doin  Hit me up sometime :)
I brought a friend here to have him experience a real Vietnamese meal. We're both out-of-towners, and I was trying to remember the location of the Pho 8 place another friend had taken me to, but settled for Pho Kim Long.BIG MISTAKE. We asked for a fairly standard dish we couldn't find on the menu, Ga xao sa, lemongrass chicken. There was no lemongrass in it, and they charged about double what all other places charge for the dish. We asked for Cafe Sua Da, and they prepared it in the back and brought it to us in styrofoam cups! No on- the-table filters!Stick to Pho 8. Its the real deal. This place has a nice build-out, but the food leaves much to be desired.
Not the best pho place, I went here with a pho connoisseur and we both walked away dissapointed. The thing I remember most was the darker brown broth with strong clove flavors that I didn't enjoy. Still looking for great pho in vegas.
So the first few times I went here the food blew me away. I loved it but the service was horrible so we never tip. When they get us seated they just point and leave. Its like they just slam the water and plates as if they was being rude on purpose. Sometimes we would get 3 waiters and they were all rude. We won't even be done eating and they throw us a check without a word as if they want us to leave already. My fiance and I became regulars coming to this restaurant and they probably remember us coz everytime I come here the food gets smaller and smaller. I guess theres a SIZE IN THERE SOUP bowls which is small, medium, or large. They never tell you that they just asume you want small. But when we ask for large they never told us there was a extra charge. the first time I ate here the soup was so cheap and it could feed 2 people. Last night when I ate there it was smaller. I'm not coming here again. The food already pays for itself but the service won't let you come back.
I used to think this is my favorite pho in Vegas but now I'm not so sure.  I recently went and ordered the dac biet with extra tendon.  The broth is pretty good, it's not as sweet as Pho Kim Long and not as salty as Pho Saigon 8.  The extra tendon I ordered was way undercooked - so it was yellow and a little chewy.The worst part of the meal was that my server decided to sit at the table next to me and start clipping her finger nails.  I was so worried that a little piece of her nail was gonna get in my soup that it ruined my dining experience.  She had her back to me and I'm pretty sure it was her fingernails she was clipping, but I kept worrying it was her toenails.  Either way f'ing disgusting.
Ugh, I can't even begin to describe how disgusted I feel about having been tricked into eating at this restaurant. I have a strict policy to avoid any restaurant that touts serving a combination of cuisines (e.g., Italian and Mexican, Vietnamese and Chinese) since it's obvious that specializing in one is challenging enough. But it wasn't blatantly apparent from the outside that Pho Vietnam (Vietnamese) and Capital Seafood (Chinese) were one and the same entity.Craving pho, my boyfriend led us to the door in front of the Pho Vietnam signage even though it clearly read, "Please use other door." (We were suffering from denial at that point in time.) After confirming that the Pho Vietnam doors didn't open, we resorted to opening the Capital Seafood doors. I was beginning to fear what was to come. My fight-or-flight instincts started kicking in after I saw "Vietnamese restaurant" written in Chinese on the front of Pho Vietnam's menu. By the time our waitress carelessly tossed the Capital Seafood menu in front of us, I was ready to bolt for the door.Resigned to eating here, my boyfriend ordered the pork & shrimp spring rolls and a bowl of pho (total = $12). The spring rolls were fresh and seemed okay, but the lukewarm pho just wasn't right. It was missing cilantro and lacked the level of green onion I would expect, the beef was tougher than I was used to, and the broth seemed like it originated from a chicken rather than a cow. Blech. The verdict: This amalgamation of two restaurants validates my phobia of establishments that serve two or more cuisines. But at least it wasn't an expensive lesson. I just never want to end up in one of these places ever again.
Expensive and nasty!They've raised the price $2-3 dollars item in less than a year! I'm so pissed at this place. My hubby and his friends usually come to this spot everytime we are in vegas. but this time really irked me. I came here with my family and my hubby on our trip to vegas. my family ordered pho ga, pho combo, and my the beef steak pho. I ordred the beef stew over rice. My beef stew What beef i got cubes of beef that were the size of a dice! no joke. and only mayb 6 itsy bitsy pieces of it! are you kidding me $10 for 6 pieces of dice sized beef, and the beef stock it came in i would of rather just paid for a bowl of combo pho!! and when asked about it, the reply i got was "it use to be less than that" are you kidding me you inflated the price over the last 8 months and i'm getting less for the value and I havent even BEGAN speaking about the taste of my order! it was bland! blame and simple! it was so tasteless my 3 year old would of did a better job making it. the one good thing i could say about it was.... NOTHING! my experience was a disaster, the food was nasty, and the price was expensive for what it was. i could of paid the same price and went to another Pho house and actually been satisfied!
Went here when we were in town on a recommendation from a friend and boy was that a mistake. The service was slow and this was before noon, didn't have the beef and asparagus (said that they were out of asparagus), and had to request for water four times before we actually received it. The food was mediocre, ordered pho and a sandwich. The broth was warm and not hot.
04042012I just had to write a review after eating here last weekend.I ordered "com tam bi cha thit nuong"OMGthe "cha" tasted like it has been frozen for 2 months and reheated in the microwave before serving it to usthe "bi" did not have any tastethe "thit nuong" was not palatable
OMG. this place is awful. i'm sorry..straight to the point:- hot as hell inside. it's VEGAS turn up your AC. no one wants to eat pho in the heat. it was 104 degrees outside!!- slowest service ever. took forever to take our order took forever to bring out the food. - the noodles were still hard. YUCK- the only good thing about this place was the the beef was actually good.won't ever come back here again!
DO NOT EAT AT PHO VIETNAM!!! 1 hour to bring me a bowl of noodles and soup! Everyone else on my table was done eating by the time I got mine.
Stopped by at lunchtime on a Sunday for pho & spring rolls.  The broth was flavorless and the spring rolls were dry.  Waitress who took order & brought out food was polite and helpful, but the man who brought out the bill was just plain rude.  Picked up credit card, brought it back for signature, and picked up signed receipt, all without eye contact or a word of thanks, despite being thanked each time he came by the table.
The only reason I'm giving one star is because the potstickers were amazing. But that is the only good thing about this restaurant. The service we horrible. The waiters throw things on the table and don't  check back and the check was never brought. The cashier was highly disrespectful and rude. Do not eat here. There are other Vietnamese restaurants in town. Find a more friendly location.
This place doesn't even deserve a star. I have never in my whole life been humiliated like this before. This is my experience and I do hope this review stops people from going to this place. It is cruel to even say this but it is what I think this place deserves.my family and my gf were in Vegas for two days to see what the famous Vegas has in store for us. It was our last day and we were hungry. Came to China town and chose this place to eat because we were too tire, hungry and was in a hurry to find food so we can drive back home before it's too late. Got in, and got served one pot of hot tea. Asked them for a cup of water and we never got it. The price was really really pricey. One plate of stir fry veggies wchicken was $13 dollars. If you ever gone to cheesecake actory then you'll know how expensive their food is. We stuck w with pho since the price was ridiculously pricey. The food wasn't even all that compare to pho in fresno. My pho broth wasn't even hot. Just warm.  Quantity was small (my uncle was actually hoping he wouldnt get hungry in the middle of his 6hrs drive back home, which I think he did because I saw food being microwaved when we were unpacking)When we were done eating me and my gf went to pay. We did half and half on our cards not that we didn't have money but because we like to help each other out. We did not tip them from our cards because we thought our family would tip since they left the table while we were paying. We went to the restroom and when we came out, the "owner" stopped us right before the door and said his waiters & waitresses said there was no tip. He said it so loud I can feel my face burning from embarassment and we could tell other customers were looking at us. He wouldnt let us leave without tipping. We didn't have cash either and my family was already out of the restaurant. So we told him if we can tip them from our creditdebit receipt. He gave us our receipts and by now my gf was furious (thank god she kept control of her temper) tipped him $4. The owner expected me to tip too so he kept saying "she (me) can tip herself on her receipt." Since she was mad and humiliated she told me out loud so that he can hear  I already tipped don't tip. Humiliated, mad, and actually threatened by this man I tipped him $1 just so we can hurry and get out before they shoot us or something. We walked out and was like "wtf was that"  Not once did they check on us after we got our food btw. My family was thirsty because while we were stuck in that restaurant they were downstairs buying something to drink.The thing with me and my gf is we started working in restaurants so we know how or what kind of crazy customers they get. We're the type of people who still tip even with rude waiterswaitresses and we had always respect everyone around us no matter what but this kind of behavior from a restaurant is ridiculously out of this world rude. We were all dressed decent, respectful the whole time but we were treated like we couldn't afford food even after we paid $70 for our foods. Actually he made us look like we were diner dashing on him. I would never ever come back here because of the way we were treated. Ive always support people on their businesses but to support this business is to say it is okay to act the way they did when its not okay. I encourage others to stay away also unless you have money to blow on food that will still leave you hungry and on tips.  And unless you want to get treated the way we did. For those of you who wants to try it out, good luck and don't forget to tip or else they will fry you.
This place is an absolute joke... Went here with 6 friends, sat at the table, 25 minutes later: no waitress. I ask to speak to the manager who is dressed in jeans and a T-Shirt with a hat on, who says "ok".... Just "ok". No apology, no "what can I get for you", nothing. Get a waitress, 10 minutes later two of us have water, no one else has anything. 15 minutes later she walks up and says "sorry we are out of cups".... So we leave. Worst service in a really long time. Will NEVER go back.
I dont even want to give this restaurant a single star...the service was terrible....we sent our food back not once but twice...and never ended up getting a meal...the manager didn't seem to concerned at how bad the food and service were...we will never ever be back and we would never recommend this to someone...can't imagine that they will be open very long
I came in becaue I work around the corner and I always used to come in for lunch. Had the French dip or should i say a bread sanwhich. It would have been nice if the food came to me atleast warm. And if they are going to serve full size sandwiches probably is a good idea to put enough meat in there so you don feel like your just eating bread. I'm going to have to pick a news lunch place.
Horrible!  Bought a Groupon to try this place and went in tonight.  We sat ourselves (just like the sign said) and waited.  Waited and waited and waited.  18 minutes later a very nice woman came out and noticed we were sitting at a table with no drinks,  no menus,  no tableware or napkins.  Just sitting.  She asked us if we needed anything and our reply was to ask for a menu. .... Two other couples came in and waited and subsequently left without being acknowledged at all.  We ordered a dr pepper and a Fosters.  We got a diet coke and the fosters.  She dribbled the beer down my leg and onto the floor but didn't notice it.  I discreetly wiped it off my pant leg and smiled. .. She brought menus and we never saw her again.  We ended up leaving $4 on the table and leaving without so much as a word from anyone there.  My Groupon was a waste and we will never go back.  Anyone wanna buy it 
Disappointing, very inconsistent, appears there is no or very pour management, no systems...I was hoping this place would be a place to go. Oh yeah...there is casino gaming, poker tables...anything to make money...won't be eager to spend money here again.
Awful everything. From the bad service, to the diluted soup, to the lame-no chicken on the chicken salad, to the PRE-fabricated pizza. AVOID THIS PLACE!
Well, it started well. Food was okay. Deep dish pizza was good. But the salad we had - too tiny portion!!!We were greeted and seated well. But later the service was not all good. Bad bad service. First of all we had to ask for everything we wanted. The server didn't even had courtesy to ask if we wanted anything more or would like to go for deserts. She just handed over the check when we even didn't ask for it (we wanted to order more).Later when we talked about this in the front, the girl there also just listened and said "okay", not even a sorry once!!!I would not like to go there again... :(
Nope!
We were visiting from out of town and just spent 6 hours driving. Found this place, read reviews on Yelp which were OK, and decided to ordered two slices. Hum...sorry not slices. More like two squares of cheesy bread. When we said these aren't slices, the lady at the register looked confused as though pizzas always look like that. We obviously aren't locals by the way we were dressed so the lady (who talked terribly) should have notified us when we first ordered it! They also have pictures of real pizzas on the wall -_-It also took a really long time to cook those little things because they weren't pizzas. Since I was so hungry, i ordered another square of unhappiness and it was handed to me in the cooking wrapper not a paper plate, ugh. Definitely never going there if we come to visit again!
Horrible Food don't waste your moneyThis is the worse cardboard covered cheese & sauce so called pizza I've ever had, I haven't had this garbage since grade school cafeteria food, Most of the reviews on here rant about what a great place this is how much fun you'll have there. IDK where that place is cuz the one I wan in today in East Liberty by the Home Depot was getto beyond belief the food is bad & the people aren't nice & friendly.Loudness is an issue there when the lottery area has a sign saying because of back round noise your number may be wrong. Not one person there had decent customer service skills I had to ask the girl 3 times to speak up and I have excellent hearing. I ordered a small pizza I got a medium that was greasy on top but the crust was stale. I looked forward to getting some great pizza man this place really disappointed me today.
This place has the worst service I've ever seen. I called in two cold sandwiches and was told it would be 15 mins. When I got to the counter, the lady working rudely told me to wait for my name to be called because she didn't have my ticket to ring up the order. Um, okay...then walk over and get it so i can pay for it! So I waited and waited as people who came in long after me got their orders. The "workers" just stand around and spend more time talking to the regulars and trying to act like they are a big deal. I had to leave without my order after 40 minutes. DO NOT GO HERE!
This is the greasiest pizza I've ever had in Pittsburgh, I couldn't eat it.
Provolone sticks arrived undercooked, cheese was fully solid, they tasted okay. The pizza also arrived undercooked, the dough itself was partially uncooked in the middle. I had to put it back into my own oven to finish it off, and then it was greasy and just okay.
When my boyfriend and I were down with the flu, we ordered some food here through Eat24. I got a chicken noodle soup and he got the seafood calzone. When I unpacked the food and tried a sip of my soup, I found that it was cold and had bubbles in it, as if there was soap in it. I couldn't really taste anything, but my boyfriend said it smelled like dishwater. To say the least, I was disappointed in my soup. When my boyfriend cut into his calzone, he said the cheese was barely melted. We thought it was undercooked and touched the outside. It was cold, as if it was sitting out in the open for a long time. He tried to take a bite, but the dough was barely even cooked and the contents of the seafood calzone was cold and tasted sour.This was our first time ordering from here and it was such a sad experience to have, since our food was inedible. I heard this place was good and had great calzones and tasty soup, but what we received was the complete opposite from the praise I've heard about this place.
I am not a mean person, not a vindictive person. I bear the friendly people of Pizza Parma no ill will.But their pizza was remarkably terrible.Went there, hungry, a bit past midnight, looking for a little something before going home to sleep. They don't have slices--this seems to be a (terrible, stupefying, egregious) trend in these parts. Fine. The smallest pizza, a "personal" pie, costs $7 and is 7" in diameter. The cashier and I agree that that's a very small amount of pizza, and since I'm hungrier than one and one half mouthsful, I get a "small," which is 10". I add a mushroom topping. I pay my $11.21 and wait.There are two seating options inside the store: a small wooden bench, and two fold up chairs around a little table. Conveniently, they were using the wooden bench to store a rolled up carpet that laid across the whole thing, and they'd also elected to fold up the two folding chairs, probably because they were tired from a long day of being used as chairs. So I waited outside the store on a bench.The friendly cashier and the friendly patrons waiting for their order indoors called me over when my pizza was ready. I took it outside, sitting in the cold to eat it, thinking, "I hope this $11 pizza is pretty good." Opened up the box, saw how pitifully small a 10" pizza is, and started eating.Let me say something about pizza: if you have decent cheese, decent tomato sauce, flour, water, and a hot oven, you can make a passable pizza. I will eat it and think, "well this isn't the best pizza I've ever had but it's fine." That is not what I thought when I ate Pizza Parma's pizza. I thought, "it would be too rude and insulting to ask for my money back. I'll just try to eat as much of this as I can."I ate three out of the six "slices." (One sixth of a 10" pizza is a total of *256 = 13 square inches. That sounds like a lot of pizza, but in fact is a tiny amount of pizza.) I couldn't stand to eat more than half. The mushrooms were fine; I fished them out and ate them. The cheese was actually terrible; it had a strange chemical taste and plasticky appearance. The crust was poofy and not crusty.Ashamedly, I threw half of a pizza away tonight. Folks, I am not a food destroyer. I eat things I don't like, and expired foods, because I don't want to waste. It takes a legitimately terrible pizza for me to actually throw the thing away.Went home, made some eggs, and guess what The terrible cheese taste from an hour and a half ago It's still in my mouth. I'm not making this up.I know there's good pizza around here. Ordered two back to back slices at Spak Brothers--delicious! Tasty! Reasonable price! But whoaaaaaaa whoa was this terrible, overexpensive pizza. Sheesh.
I tried SO hard to like this place, I really did. I already love arepas, the decor is welcoming, the food is ok, it's at a convenient location, but..... WORST SERVICE EVER!!!!!I have been here twice. First time: waited 20 minutes for someone to come to our table, then when we finally ordered, half our order was forgotten. The sauce was good, and the staff were reasonably friendly (when we finally saw them). Second time: thought we would give this place another try, and once again waited for forever to be acknowledged (while listening to the people at the table next to us complain that they had waited for an HOUR for their food, and later heard them complaining to the server that even once their food did come, half their order had been forgotten), so when nobody came to greetserve us after 30 minutes, we finally just got up and left. Andddddd went straight to the empanada place just down the street (pretty boring decor, but wayyyyy cheaper, and we were at a table and eating within five minutes). Sidenote: even if the service had been good (i.e. even if customers were even somewhat acknowledged), there is absolutely NO reason for arepas to take that long to make. My old Venezuelan roommate used to pump those things out in no time at all, and they were much better. Not a fan. Won't be back. Hope you don't waste your time here either.
Arepera du Plateau...more a miss than a hit... I came to this place with a friend because I read the review on The Gazette I was truly disappointed. I ordered a pabellon with chicken and my guest a pabellon with cazon (shredded shark), plus a mango juice and a guanabana (soursop) juice. The food was tasteless, boiled rice without a trace of onion, garlic, bell pepper or even salt...the black beans they seemed to be straight from the can and reheated, again no spicy flavor at all..the shark was more like canned tuna (as far as I know shark is a very expensive fish, so they should be charging more than 11 dollars for this so they can make some profit, which means that either they are losing money by serving shark, or the shark IS canned tuna)...the juices were watery, in substance and flavor, not a hint of sweetness, the only thing that we actually enjoyed were the tajadas (slices of fried ripe plantain, served with grated cheese).The service was OK, I asked the waiter for tajadas and he had no clue of what I was ordering, which means he's not Venezuelan, but I must say that he was friendly even if a bit slow.Unfortunately this was not a happy culinary experience, I lived in Venezuela for several years and I know what Venezuelan food is like, an exotic mixture Spanish cuisine with tropical accents, lots of garlic, onions, bell pepper, aji dulce, cumin, annato, I know that rice is boiled with a bit of oil, garlic, salt and a bell pepper to give it some flavor, I know what caraotas (black beans) are like, and cazon means cazon, not canned tuna. I have to say that  this place gives Venezuelan food a bad reputation, maybe they can get away with it because most of people in Montreal have not been exposed to Venezuelan food and don't know what real Venezuelan food tastes like... I lived in Venezuelan and quite honestly, I feel shortchanged. Perhaps I should get a copy of Mi Cocina by Armando Scanone and leave it at the counter.And by the way, those joropos are way too loud and prevent customers from having a conversation without yelling at each other
After passing by this place a couple times, I've asked my co-workers if they've been here, and said it was nothing really special. Then I've checked yelp, with all the positive reviews I saw, I was sure my co-workers were wrong. I decided to stop by the place 20 mins before closing, tried the chicken & the beef, I really wanted the empanadas, but they said the fryer was down, but i doubt that, seems like they wanted to get a head start on closing. Got the chicken & beef arepas. It was a small portion, but really stuffed with the meat, seems a bit overpriced for $3.50  I only ate half of each, it did have flavor, but it felt rather bland, it tasted like a mix of a packet of taco seasoning with some enchilada sauce. After all the rave reviews here, I am quite dissatisfied with the food and the service, and the co-workers were definitely right about this place. I have to agree with the previous yelper review, place is totally over rated!
For the first time I stopped by today for lunch and the chef was more interested in talking on the phone than taking care of the customers, 10 minutes  went by and still he wouldn't get off the phone so I took my business elsewhere.
I came here because I saw it on the Vegas Seven magazine and wow!, In my opinion this place sucks!. When I took my first bite of the carne asada arepa, I almost threw up! The meat is horrible, tasted old and stale. I also ordered a cachapas de queso and that was ok. The fried plantains, though on the menu it says the cost is $2.00 it really cost's $2.49 and they were not ripe either, tasted more like tostones. About the only eatable and decent thing here for me was the yuca.In the end, we ALL have different opinions and palettes, so I suggest you still come and taste it for yourself. I, however will NEVER be coming back....
The place is cute and clean but my 1st disappointment was at the moment we walked in.  The owner, yes the owner himself, was everything but nice......very serious, not warm or kind at all, almost rude.  I thought it was very strange that an owner handled customers like this.  Then when we got out order, my arepa was the blandest I have ever tried! - even with all the filings!.  I ordered the wood fired chicken with cheese arepa, but honestly, it was not good at all.  The dough had no taste, the chicken didn't taste like wood fired chicken but like boiled black meat chiken, and only only one slice of cheese not even melted.This is the second time I go, and wanted to give it a chance bc I didn't like it the first time either, but I got convinced:  this is another of what I like to call a mediocre restaurant.Colombian arepas are a trillion times better!And Business Owner! - be more friendly! or don't deal with face to face customer service because it looked to me you have no social skills!, which is fine.....but then don't do it!
This food was disgusting! I would rather have eaten at MCDONALDS!Bad combination of ingredients! I have no idea why this place has 4.5 stars!
The staff was not helpful and the food was awful. The first time in a while that I have actually thrown away my meal after only eating a bite or two.
Bad first experience here.I am learning Spanish in school, and I was on assignment to set out to eat some good food from an authentic place. I brought the bf.One small family ahead of me. Everyone is speaking Spanish and that's OK--because I can get through while ordering food without having to speak any English. The woman behind the counter was pleasant enough. She repeated the order and it was clear the bf and I wanted two deserts, which had to be paid for first (man, I saw it coming, sigh). I am not a fan of places where you pay before you order, including tip. Two entrees, and two desserts with tip was almost fifty bux. We gave you a large tip thinking maybe that would proactively help when it came to service. Still, just the bf and I and a group of 4 or 5 at another table. It didn't help the wife was giving us the stink eye. While the people working there made us feel like we belonged the other patrons did the opposite. I ordered what Steve L did. I didn't think it was that good. At any rate, our deserts were forgotten and people seemed to disappear while cleaning. Half an hour after eating and nothing. I had to go over and try to find someone.Bad service and mediocre food that was highly overpriced. NO one was there! What was the problem I can make rice and beans with shredded meat with a hard boiled egg on top at home and remember to make myself dessert too. Super disappointed. I had high hopes.
If you are looking for an honest and ethical doctor to help you make the right decisions when it comes to your mental health, don't go here.  My wife went to Dr. Zenner to update her medications as we had moved from Colorado to the Valley.  When she walked in, the waiting room was full of people.  She signed in and waited for more than 45 minutes past her appointment time before she went looking for someone to find out when she would be seen.  There was no staff at the desk and she had to go looking through the office to find someone to help her.  After getting to an employee, she told them that she had to get back to work and needed to know when she would be seen.  The employee responded "Patients are normally seen an hour after their appointment time".  Understandably, this upset my wife and she asked to reschedule.     When the office called her back she was told that the doctor did not want her as a patient and that her office co-pay would be refunded.  She was told they did not want patients that would walk out on appointments.  It wouldn't be so bad, but it was clear from her experience that they were trying to push through as many people as they could in as short a time as possible.  They had no care in how they approached their patients or their mental health needs.  The office was run down and the overall vibe was like being at the DMV.  Not good for someone who is supposed to be helping patients.     If you are looking for a good psychiatrist, we suggest you take Dr. Zenner's approach to his patients and fire him before you see him.
I have been seeing Dr. Zenner for about half a year.  If you are trying to find a new psychiatrist, I highly recommend going elsewhere.  I can't speak much to his personal ethics, as I really don't know him. He seems like a decent guy.  His professionalism, however, is insulting and unapologetically so.I make appointments usually three months in advance, by necessity to get an appointment.  They do not provide any kind of email reminder service, even upon request.  They do call you the day before.  They won't call you any further in advance than that. If the voicemail doesn't work for whatever reason for the receptionist, she is not going to try again.  Of course if you miss the appointment, or are late, you have to pay something along the lines of $200 (fairly typical policy for missing appointments in the industry, but their reminder 'service' really sets you up for failure.)  Even so, it really is your own responsibility to keep track of your own appointment, so not horrible on their part, but certainly inconvenient, as well as unconventionally unhelpful.Every single appointment I have had, I was kept waiting for at least a half hour.  At first, I thought, 'ok.  This doc has some patients who have just had the proverbial poop hit the fan, and has to extend the sessions.'  People have bad days, and I know I have been in situations where my therapy appointments ended at times when 5 minutes more would have made a huge difference to my functionality for the next few weeks.  We are all human, and if my waiting an extra 5-10 minutes means someone can get through their week, it didn't seem like the worst policy. However, waiting a minimum of a half hour, sometimes exceeding an hour, proves to me that while he is more than happy to charge you for his time whether you make your appointment or not, your time is completely worthless to him.  Maybe a half hour isn't a huge amount of time, but if you are working a low paying hourly wage job, trying to pay rent, that missed time at work adds up very quickly into you not being able to pay for things like food or rent. One day, I had the first appointment of the day.  I got there on time.  The receptionist was unfriendly and without a good morning, said, 'that's x dollars' as if I were buying a hot dog.  Admittedly, I was not uber friendly either.  I wasn't rude, but I also wasn't being paid to be there.Dr. Zenner had his door open and was talking with someone.  It clearly was not an appointment.  He was really just shooting the shit.  Half hour into my appointment time, a guy with a nice suit and briefcase walked out of Dr. Zenner's office.  Dr. Zenner walked him up to the receptionist desk and they had some friendly goodbye words.He then called me in.  There was no apology for the wait time.  No real explanation.  He mentioned he volunteers his time on Tuesdays and Thursdays (it was a Thursday).  I think volunteering is great.  But for someone to volunteer my time without my permission, during my scheduled appointment, especially when I was paying a lot of money to be there as well as not being paid because I could have been missing work (it was a weekday), that is excessively rude.  There is no excuse for that.  None.  And it wasn't just me!  Within that half hour, two more patients came in and sat down, waiting for their appointment.  None of them mentioned anything to the receptionist about being early.  I have been seeing psychiatrists for over 20 years.  I have had plenty of experience in seeing what is out there, what a good psych is and does, and what a poor excuse for one does.  Dr. Zenner is not evil, but he is offering a business that completely abuses you of your time and does not make up for it in any kind of special psychiatric skill.  He has not offered any real psychiatric help to me that I think any other psychiatrist would be able to offer ( i.e. maintaining a treatment plan developed by another psychiatrist).  Like everyone, I have problems, and I have found Dr. Zenner to be of no real help in getting insight into defining them, or finding their solutions.  There are better psychiatrists out there.  Much better.  Find them instead.
I went to Dr. Zenner for a couple of years and never got much out of it besides my meds refill. Very rude office staff what there is of it. He spent to much time talking about himself and current events than asking me my issues. I was just glad when I got out of there and didn't have to come back for 4 months.
I went to the location they have in Central Phoenix, as a court ordered referral for some trouble I had gotten into several months ago and truthfully this place is a joke. Hands down they could care less about the individual and are only interested in the mighty dollar, I would suggest that the state revokes the doctor's that work here license for the fact that their code of ethics are garbage. You truly are a number here. I would not suggest that anyone ever tries this place out. Go somewhere else...seriously!!! The only person in this whole place who was friendly was the receptionist.  I would give this place negative 1000 stars and pray that it gets struck by lightning it sucks so bad. I went back to the courts for another referral this place was so bad. I would rather sit in front of the judge in the central court system and deal with a wonderful additional date in court then be forced to participate in any out patient program this business has to offer, which I did so I could go some where else.  I would rather have hot metal spikes shoved in my urinary tract then go to this place. I hope this convinces you how much this place sucks.
I was seeking a place that I could go to strengthen my marriage and was given a referral. The classes are group sessions and of the 2 hour block that you attend there is about 20 mins of content.If you approach the instructor at the end of the class in a sincere matter you are quickly brushed off as the instructor seems to be trying to escape as if they know they place is about to be bombed.
If you can go to any other place, do it.I had a DUI and was required to attend some sort of classes. I actually thought that perhaps counseling would be good for me because at the time (I was 21) I was abusing alcohol terribly, unfortunately help was not to be had here.PROS:I had a meth addict and a heroin addict in my 20+ person class which reminded me I never wanted to ever get mixed up in that stuffCONS:- The more information you gave them (this private for profit company) the longer your counseling sentence was I was required to have 65 hours stretched out, once a week so almost a full year (so if this is court ordered don't be honest - minimize everything)- You can never miss a single class, or change when your class takes place or you have to restart- They can change your class  time if they choose- They give you these little receipts to prove you attended but they stress these receipts aren't proof that you are actually there (I guess it's to prove you paid) this process also takes about 10-15 minutes- After successfully completing my classes (which were of very little value), I received a call from them saying I would have to restart because I missed a class July 4th. I explained this was impossible and that i had attended ever single one. They said their records indicated that I was incarcerated at this point and couldn't come - which was also not true. I explained to them it was July 4th a public holiday and they didn't have a class that day. The lady said that she couldn't verify that, I asked her to please reference a calendar and she said she didn't have one. Four more phone calls back and forth and they finally called both of the people who conducted my classes (they switched my schedule halfway through for some reason I am unaware of) and luckily they were able to verify that I had attended all of them.So nearly$1,000 of money 65 hours of sitting in a room of 20+ people, with most of the time used by a person high on meth and a homeless heroin addict, gained me probably an hours worth of knowledge total I could have easily obtained in a high school health class or 30 minutes on Wikipedia.
My wife was a patient here.  Run away from this office.  Long waits, unsympathetic care of questionable competency and constant billing errors await you.  All delivered from an uncaring staff.  My wife saw the psychiatrist to have here medication adjusted.  Then after that, even though the medication was not adjusted correctly, it was never corrected.This happens because every time you think you make an appointment, you never know if you will be seen or by whom.  You could wait two or three hours (not uncommon) or you might see a psychiatric nurse.  Of course you might always see her husband the other Dr. Baig.  He is a psychiatrist, but what seems to be lost on people in this office is that he is not your psychiatrist or the person you made an appointment to see.I don't know why so many insurance companies have her as a provider.  Their criteria clearly does not include quality of care.
I would recommend to find another doctor in this field.2014 has been a tough year, both professionally and personally.  I admit, my general idea of psychiatry may be a bit too Hollywood, but I was under the impression that I would meet with a psychiatrist, determine the areas of my life that have given me concern due to emotional duress and then, after several discussions, if a solution couldn't be found, as a last resort, I would have to consider and probably go on medication...once again, as a LAST RESORT.Forget the fact that my appointment to meet with Dr. O'Keke was at 2:30 and I waited until 4:00 to see him.  Forget the fact that after inquiries about the late time, the only response given was..."he's just running a bit behind."  No, ten minutes is a bit behind.  Two hours is UNACCEPTABLE!!!When I finally met with Dr. O'Keke, he was condescending and patronizing and wouldn't make eye contact with me, only kept reading the report that his underling staff had gotten from me an hour prior.  We spoke for ten minutes, wherein, he criticized most of my decisions in life and did his best to make me feel even worse about myself.  Mind you, this was in the span of ten minutes, upon which, he prescribed me THREE medications that should make me feel better.  He instructed me to set another appointment for two weeks from today, but I simply left without a backwards glance.  I promptly tore the prescription up and threw it away.I think I'm more angry with myself for sticking around for the extra hour and a half to be seen only for it to be so underwhelming.  I could have saved a co-pay and not missed half a day of work.
The most unprofessional Dr. I have ever dealt with. This is my 2nd visit with him and both times I have been kept waiting for an alarming amount of time. The first time i sat in the waiting room Almost 2 hours. This time i have already been here an hour and 15 mins and HE ISNT EVEN IN THE BUILDING and he had patients starting 3 hours ago!!!! Do not waste your time here. He obviously has no respect or courtesy for anyone other than himself.
if your over fifty and want to get into archery do not go here; 1 sold me a recurve with no documentation from the manufacture aka warranty2. got six arrows as long as a semi. 3. fletched arrows with no consistency of the feathers, should have been wht one out.4. attitude was OMG a beginner and not even considering a compound what a waste of our time.............
Had my son in classes here and they changed instructors with 0 notice i bought a bow from them that they recommended spent a few hundred bucks on it for my sons birthday they sold me a defective bow and when my son told me due to the fact that I know nothing about bows I tried to return it they won't help me out at all very bad company to work with the instructor is nice I must add
Wow, I just got back from shooting my bow here and I will never go back! From the moment I walked in the door these guys were rude and condescending. I know a thing or two about customer service and I have been shooting competitive archery for over 5 years, they missed the mark.I said "I would like to use your range" and the guy asked me "what for" Really What for You see this bow case in my hand buddyThen I wanted to use a allen wrench and they gave me one that was all stripped out, when I told him that it was no use he suggested that I purchase an allen wrench. He had at least 10 in a drawer right in front of me but he told me that they were for store personnel only, not customers. I stayed for the full hour as an hour of range time is the minimum purchase. In the future will go somewhere where my business is not such an inconvenience.
Granted we arrived 20 minutes before closing on a Saturday. My mother purchased a compound bow online and wanted to go traditional and buy a recurve, but in the meantime purchase an arm guard and a trigger release. The guy at the desk was sort of friendly, but in a condescending way that were both amateurs and we have no business breaking open things, trying them on and not understanding how to use it and then not pay for it. But why would we if we had a attitude like him. We even tried to sign up for classes and he told us it's online and not in the store. They weren't friendly at all, none of the staff were and I probably will never return there again.
This was not in my neighborhood but my archery instructor recommended it. He advised it had a wide selection and a helpful and knowledgeable staff. We decided not to go the internet route or the big box store route, based on his suggestion. In hindsight, I totally disagree with his advice. He told me they had a large selection of recurve. Not true. They do have a large selection of compound bows but recurve selection is very limited. They did have some quality recurve bows at competitive prices. They did not have exactly what I wanted but advised they could have ordered for me. This did not matter because I decided to walk out due to poor service as described below.My friend and I are both taking up this hobby at the same time along with my wife and daughter. My friend and I were ready to make some big purchases. I told the employee when he first saw us that we were ready to buy a bow. You would think, in a retail business, we would get prompt and willing service. You would be wrong. He did not want to spend time with us. We waited for a very long time. We even had time to look through the entire store before he finally came to us. When he did come to us his advice was short, rushed, rude and perhaps more importantly, contradictory to most everything I have studied and been taught by the very guy who recommended this store. This employee even went as far as to say he did not have time to work with us because they were busy. There were 2 other people in the store and they were looking around. Regardless, at 10am on a Saturday they should have more employees available. NOT MY FAULT. A prior review advised Archery Headquarters was condescending. Yes. A very true description. Condescending but I also want to emphasize that their condescension is not even warranted because their advice was inaccurate. My friend and I wanted to leave, regardless of his attitude, when we recognized his inaccurate advice but we are patient and wanted to give hime a chance to win back our business. When he straight-out told us he didn't have time for us, however, we politely thanked him for his time and got the heck out. We went to Lancasterarchery.com, purchased what we already knew we wanted... without tax or shipping costs and moved on with our lives. We will pay someone else to set up our bows... or maybe just research a little more and do it ourselves. Lancasterarchery.com benefitted with 3 bow sales from me and 1 from my friend. The cold internet service of a "dotcom" was way better than the service at Archery Headquarters.
Terrible customer service. I would not suggest anyone to come here and specifically not to make this your personal archery spot. The staff was completely rude, and were insulting my equipment by saying that"PSE is crap equipment that is made in China and notorious for being shitty" give me a break! What does this 20 year old kid know. Their other employees were no help and all just stood around the store waiting for something to fall in their laps. The rumors were true, this place is overpriced and has terrible service. Although I live 5 minutes away, I will not take my business there again
I really can't comment on the quality of instruction or the products sold by this business. We didn't even get past the guy who answered the phone. He was so short and rude to my wife that we'll likely never make it out to see them in person. I really don't know if others have had this problem, but I felt like I should post something so that other people can tell us whether this is typical or if we just had a random bad experience.
I decided to visit this range to sight in one of my rifles and test out one I had recently purchased. I had also brought along an assortment of handguns. I am fairly experienced, train avidly and practice weekly on both rifle and handgun. There were several issues I had with the professionalism, courtesy and safety of the staff.My first impressions of this range was that it was highly organized and I assumed that the staff would be highly trained. This quickly changed from the moment I reached cashier counter. The cashier gave at best, poor instruction and guidance as to where to go and what to expect. The cashier staff referred us to the video that replays continuously in another room(you are required to watch this video which discusses safe range conduct and procedures, some of which the range staff fail to follow.) When on the range, I was met by several range staff members, each one asking to check my firearms. I initially allowed the staff to check my firearms and handle them upon request. The staff took this as the go ahead to handle my firearms as they please during cease fire intervals. One staff member mishandled one of the 3 Glocks I had brought and dropped it on the concrete slabtable. I witnessed the range staff standing in front of the firing line before checking firearms and making sure all had ceased fire. This is a mishap on the verge of fruition and would not fly at ANY other range.The range staff approached me several times to give me their input on various subjects. What I learned from this was that each staff member has their own spin on safety, rules and shooting. They feel that they are "cool" working at a gun range and it gives them a feeling of power. They believe they are exempt from safety and experts despite an obvious lack of training. They also do not mind mishandling several thousands of dollars in firearms.    I frequent Front Sight as well as many ranges in HendersonLas Vegas. I respect each of these facilities for their professionalism, safety and expertise. I have no respect whatsoever for how the staff at Clark County Shooting Range conduct themselves. My advise...pass on the $7 range fee, find a reputable range and pay the slightly higher range fees. You will benefit from a healthier training environment and a more competent staff.
My wife and I have been to CCSC many times.  It is well maintained,  safe and well run. However,  since falling on financial dire straights,  they seem to have set their sights on hand loaders. We are now the enemy. Last couple of times we were there they gave me greif for collecting MY brass.  They were watching us like hawks. I used to defend the RSO's to all those that would disparage them since I never had a problem with them.  NO MORE. In fact, I chose to not spend my money there.  I certainly don't mind shooting in the desert.  Desert Sportsman's Rifle and Pistol Club is another possibility. If you don't care about YOUR possessions (you paid for it,  it's your brass), be my guest, go there.As for us,  NO MORE.
I probably won't go again.Staff was ridiculously unprofessional and rude.  I went with a buddy and we caught the last one of the day. We had gotten targets and started setting up at the time we were allowed. They told us we'd have 10 minutes to finish our targets, more like 2. We got finished with one target and didn't even get to put it out before they called it and went live. I yelled out to the "range master" to hold on let us finish. You know what he told me "Oh she's already started to call it we can't tell her to stop" really  You really can't I'm going to call bullshit my friend. Why can't I put my target out It's not like there was a hundred people waiting to shoot, there was at most 12 including us. We were almost done with them all we had to do was walk out and set them down. That's all. They told us to just shoot out at the Berm. Really shoot at the berm huh Alright there Cap'n. Then he proceeded to tell us that we need to make sure they know we need more time. I was under the impression that I wasn't transparent and that setting up our targets which are 5x5 feet, that's not noticeable. Also I was given free passes for next time, that's cool, can you give me a full refund for the targets Or the 10 minute video I watched  to allow me to shoot at a big berm. Thanks guys, that was truly terrible.Anybody want two free passes to the range
I went just to shoot a few arrows. First they gave me a bow I never used and they gave me a mix of arrows. One  almost stabbed through my hand cause it was made for a recurve bow not compound.. The instructor was somewhat forceful very touchy. I really just wanted to be left alone. What a waste of money. They changed my bows like 6 times finally after the  last time I was pissed and just left. I shot at Archery Headquarters and they were awesome. This place sucks not worth the $30 bucks!! Plus they won't refund my money.
Very rude staff. I brought my visitors to try it for the first time. The older man was very rude. He treated us like criminals. Ruin the experience for all of us. Will tell all my friends so they dont ever come here. We have better options here. Not even yelp deal is worth your time and the location is in the middle nowhere.
I'm not a mean reviewer, if you look at the other places I've reviewed, but this was just so so so disappointing. The Shanghai style Merlin was very poorly done. The meat was extremely bland, with very little seasoning. I have a very low sodium tolerance and yet I still found this fish to be made too bland. The rice was entirely uncooked and it made crunching sounds as I took my first bite. I talked to the waitress and she offered to bring out another side. It wasn't the same. The whole dish was a fail and I don't think I am ever coming back again :(
Will I come here again  Yes absolutely for drinks, they knocked the Ketel One extra dirty blue cheese olive martini outta the park.  The ambiance is very nice.  Of the 4 types of reviews I give (awesome, OK, bad where they get slammed and bad where I hope they improve) here I am giving the heartfelt "bad where I hope they improve."  Our waitress was very friendly and did a good job.  I mentioned the gritty redskins of the mashed potato.  We went with appetizers she recommended.  Not good.  Seared ahi tuna: horrible flavors mixed with the rub, the prep, the tuna wasn't cool inside, the chips were not good, there was no soy sauce but there was wasabi.  NOT good.  With heartfelt advice, compare this against Outback's ahi tuna appetizer and it's no contest.  The chef should do so.  (He's a nice guy like me I hope.)  BBQ shrimp: go try Redstone's (Philly) buffalo shrimp appetizer.  It is chilled, very delicious.  This appetizer was recommended and was garbage.  The barbecue sauce was horrible, overwhelmed and left an unsavory aftertaste in both my and my clients' palate.  Gordon Food Service or Sysco BBQ sauce.  A real "must-miss".  Cod entree was OK.  The skillet beans were too firm, too mature, they need petite green beans.  Potato skin had grit in the mashed.  Why 1 star  The price was close to Capital Grille, but far from the cuisine.  I hope they spruce it up.  The place is nice.
I have always had a great dinner at Mitchell's but something has changed. Went there last night about 5:30, the place was maybe half full. We were seated and when it finally occurred to us that no one had been to the table at all to ask about drinks or even bring water, I started timing.... 14 minutes later we decided to leave. Told the hostess what had happened and got a blank stare.  Sorry but not going back there again.
I am kind to all service workers! always! This place has the worst service I have ever seen. I do not expect four star treatment from fast food but this place is ridiculous. You better check your bag because they are going to forget something. Yesterday my husband went to get a quickie family fish dinner. He was told that no sorry we are out of hushpuppies and Pepsi. Okay thats fine but what can we have to replace the hushpuppies He was told to go down the street there is a store. This is inside, not the drive thru. It seems that this is a common experience at this restaurant. I already sparingly frequent fast food establishments but this will definitely be the last attempt. And yes I have contacted the corp. I dont want anything from them though, they can keep it.
For a place that has a $75 entree I was pretty shocked to see a $2 charge for blue cheese olives on my bill... pretty tacky.   That was definitely a first.  I was disappointed the waitress didn't say anything either. Aside from that the service was pretty good... and the sashimi was a great value.  But everything else about this place is shwag.  The seared tuna - garbage, rainbow roll and Caesar salad - weak,  and the sides incredibly small.  The place has the feel of a riverboat buffet.  If this was stand alone they would only get away with charging 40% of what they are now... in the Westin.I would skip it, or if you have to, get sashimi at the bar and make sure you review your bill.
Having read positive things about OFM lately, I thought we'd give it another try as it's been years since we've eaten there.  Unfortunately, our experience was dreadful.I knew going in that the food was overpriced.  Always has been.  But not only can you get less expensive fishseafood elsewhere, but you also can get FRESHER food at other places.  Our food tasted frozen and overcooked.  What has NOT changed is the extremely poor service.  If you don't look wealthy or if you're not buying multiples rounds of alcohol, the wait staff avoids you.  And that was our experience the other night.  How can restaurants get away with poor service and bland food at such high prices  I guess OFM lives off the travelers and not the locals.
Hotel restaurants are just awful!  It's like you have to be mediocre to have a restaurant inside a hotel.  I don't get it!  Wouldn't they WANT you to stay and spend money on their property Nevertheless, this place in the Westin hotel is no different.  For starters, the place is sorely outdated.  The decorations look like they're straight out of an 80's music video.  I went with my mom, who asked me if the glass sculptures on the ceiling where Chihuly's.  I almost choked on my bread when she asked! I always go for sushi when it's on the menu at a fish place.  I can't get away from it, plus I need my weekly (or sometimes daily) fill of it!  So I ordered a spicy yellow tail roll and a ginger salad.  The spicy yellow tail was not spicy.  It had a side of "spicy" sauce.  I'm not too sure that qualifies it to be spicy with a dab of sauce.  The salad's ginger dressing was awful and watery.  I love ginger dressing when it's done right.  But it was not happening at this place! The thing that really made me mad is that the place is overpriced to begin with.  My tiny yellow tail roll was more expensive ($7) than the fabu Penn Ave Fish Co ($5.50) rolls.  And DEF not as good!  My mom ordered a bowl of fish soup.  This "bowl" was a deep dish salad bowl and looked as if there was a small ladle size serving.  It was hardly halfway full.  That's all my mom had ordered for lunch.  It was pretty sad looking.  So she asked for a little more from the server.  The server said that's all she could give her because it was restaurant policy.  Now let me tell you....I've worked at restaurants.  I've witnessed the people who eat their ENTIRE meal, then say it was bad and want another one...and they get another one!  Now that's messed up!  Asking for a little more soup, that's supposed to be a BOWL but looks more like a spoonful is hardly too much to ask for. Needless to say, I will NOT be back. There are WAY better fish places in the city to fill my belly with, hands down! Go to Penn Ave Fish Co, It's opened a new location right on Fifth Ave! Don't say I didn't warn you!
Terrible.I visited this restaurant for the first time yesterday to use up a Groupon.  Thank God I didn't pay full price for this slop.  First, lets talk about the decor.  Others have commented about the outdated 80s look of the place. I concur.  The chairs are ridiculously heavy and uncomfortable.  And don't even get me started on the hideous glass constructions hanging from the ceiling.  Second, let talk about the staff.  Unprofessional to say the least.  When we were waiting for our table, I witnessed the hostess yell at a man from across the restaurant, instead of walking up to him and guiding him to his party.  "Hey Anthony, your party's over here!"  Ridiculous. This restaurant has an open kitchen, which is usually a good thing - but not when everyone's yelling at each other.  We were seated near the kitchen and, I'm not exaggerating, heard someone yell "order!" approximately every 30 seconds.  Staff yelled at each other from across the restaurant constantly.  I felt like I was on a playground.  Our waitress was a nice, sweet girl, and she did the best she could considering the environment she was in.  I have no complaints about her.  The food, though... Jesus.  We started with the "margarita shrimp cocktail".  Imagine tiny round pieces of popcorn shrimp floating in a glass of lime flavored water.  These were served with tortilla chips, which you'd think were meant to be used to scoop up the shrimp from the glass.  But, the shrimp are solid round balls, not a scoopable salsa.  We tried picking up the shrimp with the chips, but they'd just roll off and end up on the floor.  My date and I just laughed as we TRIED to eat this concoction.  When it finally made it into our mouths, it was gross anyway.  My boyfriend ordered a sushisashimi combo platter.  I'm being generous by giving it a rating of mediocre.  Take out sushi from a grocery store is better.  Now, I admit, I made the mistake here - I ordered the fried fish platter.  I'm used to getting a variety at seafood restaurants.  At a place like Mitchell's Fish Market, you can get a dish with a piece of fish, a few scallops, a few shrimp, and a vegetable.  The Original Fish Market has no such dish.  The only dish I could get that had more than just one piece of fish with some plain steamed white rice and steamed spinach, was the fried fish platter.  So, I ordered that, with a side of green beans (vegetables were $5 - $7 extra).The description said I would get a piece of tilapia, scallops, oysters, shrimp, and french fries.  I didn't realize this meant that the tilapia was fried, the scallops were fried, the oysters were fried, and the shrimp was fried, all on top of a giant bed of fried french fries.  It's just not what I pictured.  Like I said, it was my mistake for not reading carefully and not asking the waitress, but lets say for argument's sake that this is what I wanted.  It was still disgusting.  The batterflavor was exactly the same for everything.  The scallops tasted like the french fries.  The shrimp tasted like the french fries, the tilapia tasted like the french fries.  I didn't even try the oysters, but I'm pretty sure they would have tasted like french fries.  I ate barely a quarter of this dish, and I'm pretty sure I consumed an entire week's worth of saturated fat.  If you ate this entire plate, I think a heart attack would interrupt your dessert.The green beans were good. Other people commented that you can't count on hotel restaurants being worthwhile.  I have to agree.  If everyone's just passing through, you don't have to worry about actually impressing anyone and getting them to come back.  And with business travelers, they're usually paying with their company's dime, so they don't bother to complain or expect much.I have learned my lesson.  I'm not coming back.  And I seriously question the sanity of people who gave this place more than two stars.
I have never had such awful, inedible food at such an appallingly ridiculous price. It's not only a failure in execution, the plates are very poorly put together, and the flavors of the sides and sauces with the protein do not marry well at all. I was severely disappointed by plating, and then just got mad when I started eating.You would think for 44$ your steak would at least be properly cooked. What was supposed to be medium, came raw. The steak was tough and tasteless. Ahi tuna, asked rare, was overcooked; also bland, even with the sauce. The oshinko side was laughable. Seriously. I laughed.  pasta was overcooked, and by the time it got to us, the sauce was laminated with coagulating fat. The sushi was an amatuer attempt at best.  There was too much rice, and presentation was sad. Ambience is tacky. Ugly 80s-reminiscent wallpaper covers half the room and framed sketches of fish plaster the other half.Service was the only redeeming quality. To put it in perspective, my neighborhood Houlihans seems gourmet next to this place.
We were staying at the Westin and it was late and the Original Fish Market was right on site. Well the experience at both the hotel and the restaurant was dismal. We waited too long to be seated and the hosted seemed to have attitude when we asked one of the servers to find her. A simple "Sorry for the wait" would have been nice. We were about to leave after waiting 15 mins for a waiter. Unfortunately we did not.  The food was all bland and tasteless. Oh! Except for the bold taste of Obay on the fries. I had blackened rainbow trout.  I expected a bold favors but yet nothing. It was not even blackened.  Looked like paprika for color, but that was it.  Mash potatoes were dry and tasted gritty like it came from a box. We skipped dessert for obvious reasons. I am not adverse to paying top dollar for a great meal. I hate paying top dollar for a lousy meal that I could have done better myself.Do yourself a favor and avoid the Original Fish Market.  I was generous to give one star.
Terrible crab bisque. My husband liked the fish stew though.  It had lots of beans, was thick and chili-like. The rest of the lunch was so unnoteworthy, I can't remember what I ordered, though almost all of it was still on the plate at the end of lunch.  I do remember the bad taste in my mouth for the rest of the day.
Literally the worst restaurant experience that I've ever had, including McDonald's and 24-hour scarf-and-barf diners.Pittsburgh is undergoing a bit of a food renaissance, yet the Original Fish Market continues to put out an inferior product in a horrendous atmosphere at an obscene price.  Our fish was tasteless and rubbery, my white wine came out at room temperature, the restaurant was extremely dirty, and our server was clearly apathetic.  The Original Fish Market opened in 1998, and quickly found a place in the market in a city where Red Lobster was still considered "good seafood".  As top-notch restaurants entered the market, the local palates grew up in a big way.  The Original Fish Market seems content to remain frozen in time competing as a mediocre option in an under served market space.  Unfortunately for them, their market space is now flooded with options offering a far superior product  at a fraction of the price.
I went for lunch last week.  The food was awful.  Do not waste your money at this restaurant.
Seriously, terrible.  Just all around terrible.We've been to the OFM twice now... the first visit was acceptable, but the second was absolutely terrible.  We had late reservations for a quick bite after a lovely night at the O'Reilly to celebrate my husband's birthday.  As sushi lovers, we thought this would be a great way to end the celebration.  We sat at the sushi bar and couldn't get the attention of our waitress or the sushi chef.  After an exhausting 20+ min wait in our seats and just as I was about to go find someone, we finally were able to place our order.  Again... waiting, waiting.  Oh, our wait was enhanced by guests of the hotel (tweens loaded with makeup from what appeared to be dance competition and their drunk parents) standing behind us. No, they were not eating, they were just standing there... yelling, at 11pm.  Our server returned to bring my husband's glass of warm white wine and commented on how terrible our experience must be, but did nothing to help... no drink refills, no offer to call the manager, nothing.   Hubby sent the 14$ glass of bath water, I mean, wine, back to the bar, only to have it replaced with, you guessed it! another glass of warm white wine.  Our sushi was finally ready and it was edible but not enjoyable...  no flavor in the fish and hard rice.  We left before finishing our 40$ meal (1 glass of wine, 1 water, 1 roll, 2 orders of sashimi).  I almost asked for the manager, but frankly was tired of waiting and just wanted to get out of there.  To top it off, we paid $12 for valet parking that would not be validated unless we spent $50 at the restaurant.  We will not give it another chance and suggest you don't give it a first.
OMG what a nightmare. I was there last saturday at 9pm with a group of 10 people in the second floor bar area. The bartenders acted like it was a big inconvience that we were there. ordered drinks and didnt even get a thank you. the bar was dirty and littered with dirty glasses. The restrooms were filthy and didnt even have toliet paper . We left the bar and spent a HUGE anoun of money up the street.. I will never go back.
Another place that I visit once every few years thinking it couldn't be as bad as I remember it.  And the place NEVER lets me down; it's just as bad as I remember.  The seafood is breaded and fried to the point of inedible.  The staff is rude.  The prices are too high for the quality.  Just all around disappointing.
I hesitate to even write this review because technically we didn't eat here.  But after reading the other reviews, I thought "Eh, what the hell."We came in and were seated at 5:45pm for dessertsdrinks.   By 6:05, we still hadn't seen our waitress.  We decided it wasn't worth it and just left.I did eat here a month ago, and yes -- the fried fish was fried to the point where it was beyond greasy.  And then to pay around $20 for that  LOL.  Right.I won't be back.
Went to this place for lunch last Saturday, party of five. The service was extremely slow and every beer we tried to order, got the response "We are out of that one". Finally when we got our sandwiches (after a long wait) but no coleslaw and fries were soggy and stale. When asked the waitress for coleslaw (which is supposed to be the side with every sandwich), the response was "I think we are out, but let me check". And the waitress didn't return until after we were done eating. Forget about getting a refill for your drink or water..
NEVER AGAIN!!!! Horrible service and horrible food! It took 20 minutes for our waitress to even come to our table! Looking back on it, I don't know why we didn't leave... maybe because we had to wait 20 minutes to even get a table (this was during the summer). We ordered the muscles to start off which were okay but definitely not something I would recommend. My husband ordered the fish and chips and I ordered the crab cakes.... EPIC FAIL!!! The crab cakes were so disgusting my husband and I had to switch meals. The crab cakes taste like fried mayo... I couldn't even taste the crab! The fish and chips looked great but it didn't taste like anything! No seasoning at all! The waitress was so bad that when it came time to give us our check, she was no where to be found. It took 15 minutes to actually get the check (keep in mind we already finished eating)... thank God we had cash! A complete waste of $40. Yes, I remember exactly how much I spent even though it was months ago because I kept thinking how I could have spent that money in a better place! I could have got a mani & pedi... had some great sushi... the list goes on. lol
We had a frustrating and disappointing experience at Roland's, a dining out experience on a recent 4-day visit to Pittsburgh.First, all of the food was extremely overpriced. The quality was what you would find if you were ordering from a bar...but it was twice as expensive. The $16 I paid for fried cod got me two soggy cod filets, steamed bland vegetables and boring roasted potatoes. I couldn't have tried to make food this poor. It was a Sysco food operation gone wrong: runoff from Houlihan's mixed with Joe's Crab Shack. The service was so slow that we were cancelling orders due to the delay in bringing them to the table. My dish arrived without any sort of sauce, and we even had to get up and order beer from the bar because our waitress was so behind. It was her "second day on the job," but this is unacceptable. They could have at least comp'd our beers, or offered some other way to make it up (besides coming over to informing us that they had charged the beers to our bill).Roland's had space available on a Monday night, unlike the other restaurants in the neighborhood. This was really convenient initially, but I now have an idea of why this was the case.
I would give this restaurant 0 stars if I could.  The food was lousy, the drinks were expensive, and the service was awful.I complained to the manager about my experience and he told that if I didn't like it, there were plenty of other bars in The Strip District.Please, please, please go somewhere else.
Yuck!It's almost embarrassing having this place exist in the Strip with so many tourists coming here.  That has to be how they're making their money because it's certainly not on their food or service.  Well, maybe it's the booze too...I don't even know where to begin.  Service was horrible.  The lunch took 2 hours.  On a leisurely Sunday that may be fine, but there was no leisure.  At least not with drinks not in hand until a 12 an hour after we sat down.  I'd say lunch was served another 12 to 45 minutes later.  It didn't matter though, I knew it wasn't going to be anything spectacular.  I'd heard rumors about the food.  I won't go into any details but I wouldn't trust some items on the menu.  I just played it safe and ordered a veggie salad.  The salad was in the entree section, so I assumed it would be a full size salad.  It was not.  It was a side salad with a handful of grilled veggies on top.  Nothing spectacular.  And a side salad at almost $11.  Not worth it.  If you are forced to stop in because you're dying of hunger, stick to a liquid diet:)
Just awful. My companions each ordered an Alfredo pasta and they both honestly thought (through the entire meal) that Roland's had served mashed potatoes on the pasta.We thought "maybe it's a 'burgh thing."Nope, we were informed at the end of the meal by the waiter that it was indeed Alfredo sauce and that the chef "just liked to use a lot of parmesan cheese in his Alfredo." This stuff was about the consistently of cold oatmeal with oil poured over it (no exaggeration) and there was a bucket full of it on each plate.Anybody who would serve what was on those plates has no business whatsoever in any kitchen. By the way, my lobster roll was a buttery, greasy fail as well.What a complete disaster.
this place reeks of fish when you walk in and there are fruit flies everywhere.  Good place to dine if you're on a diet since you will surely lose your appetite.If you find yourself at Rolands, do yourself a favor and leave and dine anywhere else in the Strip District.  Seriously.
Pittsburgh has a shortage of riverfront dining, so this place wins points for ambience on a nice warm day. Have a drink and enjoy the deck, but save your dining budget for somewhere else.  The menu is blah and the food is also.I recently had lunch here, and the waitress first forgot my meal entirely, bringing food to everyone else at the table.  When I reminded her, she returned with my clam chowder, spilled it, didn't apologize, and didn't clean it up.  All that would have been forgiven if the soup had been any good.
Awful service, overpriced food. Don't waste your money! On arrival, waitress seemed lost.  Ordered food for 3 adults, one kid, food came for adults, after a couple of minutes my mom asked when my sons food would be coming, waitress said she would check, came back and said his pizza hadnt been cooked yet. Cancelled the pizza, paid $4 for a little bowl of white lettuce with some cheese thrown on it, fried shrimp was expense, but looked like cookie cutter frozen shrimp. Spoke to manager, who had a horrible attitude and found out that the waitress never put the pizza order in for my son and then lied and told the manager he wasnt at the table when we ordered our food. If you give these people your money, it would be foolish!
The only reason anyone goes to this restaurant is to sit on the deck and drink.  I want to like this place so badly I keep coming back and hoping that it'll be awesome and it just never is.  Like dating someone who is very very hot but also very very stupid, it's amazing how much patience one can have if there's a really good atmosphere.One year I took my father here for his birthday.  I don't usually call people names but our waitress was just a complete idiot to the point we felt bad for her and that was the ONLY reason we didn't freak out on her completely.  She forgot my dad's food order.  She brought out mine, but then neglected to notice that my dad was sitting there with nothing.  The manager came out and took our drinks off hte tab, btu that didn't help very much bc we'd only been able to order one round in an hour of waiting bc the waitress had only come to our table twice.  Then when they brought my dad's steak out, the waitress dropped it (I felt bad for her), and apparently that was their last steak.  I just paid the bill and we left and went to Eat n Park.The second time I came back the service was equally as terrible, but also it was late summer and our table was literally attacked by wasps.  Seriously, attacked by wasps.  My friend got stung.Another time I'd made a reservation for my friends 30th bday and they said htey didn't do reservations but could put tables together.  When we showed up, it was like I'd never called.The last time I was there it was ok, but after being attacked by wasps my friend and I opted for the patio and only ordered burgers.The service here SUCKS.  Getting attacked by bees and then having to wait for your server to bring you ice sucks (holding a cold beer bottle against the sting helps).  It just sucks here.But the atmosphere is fantastic!  When your waitress comes ot hte table, just order a whole bunch of bottled beers nad you should be ok.
Dear Redfin Blues,I can't begin to express my disappointment in your establishment. Such high expectations were set when we were greeted at the host stand and sent of for cocktails on a 20 min wait list (which apparently never existed). After 30 mins and seeing literally 4 parties that noticeably came in after us be seated, I reminded the host who directed us to the bar that we were still waiting. After 20 more minutes and 2 more parties getting sat (one who sat themselves) I approached a blonde woman seating and cleaning tables to let her know that we could be removed from the "list". To which she replied "what list" And didn't even bother to apologize... nothing was offered to assist us in our search for sustenance nor was there anything offered for our inconvenience. Fortunately, for us, the disaster at your restaurant lead us to discover a new place, that we have decided to frequent. So, thank you for f**king up.
Just returned from RFBlues, where I usually enjoy myself quite a lot.The bartender gave my sandwich by mistake to another customer. No bigdeal; pink salmon looks a lot like white chicken, assuming she'scolorblind. I waited.And had a 2nd drink.Another group of 3 people came in after that, ordered their meals, andgot served their entrees.I went up to the bartender and asked when my dinner would be coming.She announced that "salmon takes longer to cook" (than what a rawsalad I cook; salmon is one of the fastest things on earth to cook!),and that "I was about to check on that..." It had been over an hour bynow.I got my sandwich promptly after complaining.A few minutes later, when I finished my salmon, I got my side ofvegetables (apparently vegetables take even longer than salmon tocook!).All sarcasm aside: one screw up is tolerable. The second - forgettingto even check on my late order until I complained, an hour after Iordered, is not. And yet, I wasn't given the least consideration inthe bill.
It was my Anniversary tonight, a Tuesday. I was so excited to get All You Can Eat Crab  Legs!!! My favorite food of all time!!! But when we arrived at 8:20pm, the very unfriendly waitress said that their kitchen was closed!!!!! BOOOOOOOOOO!!!! Their website, as well as Yelp, states that they are open until 10pm!!! We would've been long gone by then! Very disappointing. Well, we ended up driving a lot farther than we intended, but had a wonderful dinner at Joe's Crab Shack in Station Square. I got my LEGS!!!! And they had $2 Hurricanes to boot!!! Ended up eating a better meal, with cheaper drinks, and we ended up tipping our waiter 30% because he was awesome!!!! Should've just gone there in the first place! I will know better from now on!!!
Horrible, go to Long John Silver's. I hear oyster bar and think delicious raw oysters not deep fried crap .
My parents and I came here after my dad had boasted about how good there food was and that he would bring his HP customers here for lunch. Upon arrival we immediately were ignored so we ended up seating ourselves. The place was unacceptably dirty, our table was dirty the floor was dirty, heck even the walls seemed to have a layer of grime. Both the waitress and the bartender were extremely  rude. My mom and I got a beer and my dad tried to order a martini, immediately we received dirty looks from both the bartender and the waitress, they said they didn't have them so my dad asked for straight vodka in a glass to which she brought a shot  of vodka instead. I understand it's not a full bar or a classy place but to serve alcohol and react the way the servers did was ridiculous! I ordered a grilled fish sandwich that lacked flavor and was horrible greasy, the fried scallops were disgusting.I understand that the restaurant has seen better days but wow, will i be going back, methinks not!
This restaurant is horrible.  The waitress was rude and tried to rush us.  The only oyster on the menu is a terrible patty of some kind.  How can you call yourself an Oyster House and not serve either fried oysters or raw  The food overall was ok.  I would never go or eat there again!
The worst most over breaded oysters ever...It's a dive to boot.
We were excited to try the Original Oyster House given its history and nice outdoor seating in market square. We were prepared for foam plates and cash only, which works for a nice lunch outside. Sadly we were disappointed with our meal. Our group of 3 tried the breaded oysters, famous fried fish, beer-battered fish nuggets, and crab cakes with fries and onion rings. Although the portions were generous for being fried, much of the food was soggy due to the excess of grease. We were in an area with a server, but the service was terrible. Our server continually ignored us and frequently forgot items she was supposed to bring to the point that we went inside to get the items ourselves. The food is a good deal if you are willing to overlook the service and like really greasy fried seafood.
Only has 1 person working and serving the restaurant. Took 15 minutes to be asked if I wanted a drink, another 15 minutes to get a menu after asking for one. Annoying wait, they need to hire more people
Oyster shooters in a plastic cup. Looked a little dirty. Shooters just tasted like ketchup.
There has been a pile of vomit on there sidewalk for 10 days, For the life of me I cannot believe they havent taken care of this, such a turn off.  Today is 103
I have been to many red lobsters before and usually enjoy the food. This was the first one that we have had to wait for a seat, although it was not to long. This place seemed overwhelmed with the crowd. The food was not prepared well. The shell of the crab legs were spongy and bent with the crackers. The baked potato was awful and the service was mediocre. I will not be back to this location
Red lobster was not the place to be tonight. Saturday-811!!!! The service was horrible. The waiter messed up so bad that we had more free food then we ordered. The appetizer came out after the salad. It seem to be over before it started. It only went down hill from here. I am done with this location. Come on red lobster!!!
Terribly ran! We will never be back to this location. Food takes forever and it doesn't come out right. The wait staff is slow and management has no clue.
WhAt. A  disapointment......we ordered a salmon plate , my daughter a sirloin and wifey ordered. A shrimp kabobs, we got our drinks at 155 then about 245 we got our plates,food was barely warm, server was alright, though
will never go here again bc for the 3rd time they messed up my to go order. they offered me a gift card one time but never got it. they tried to "apoligize" but it was half harted in the apology. they claimed when i was there that all my order was in the bag and when i got home to check it was not. I will never got there again. they are to serve the customers and they are doing a poor job in doing that. they really don't care about the customers and they need to have the check in hand when they are putting the orders together.
I'm being generous - they don't deserve the star.Because several friends recommended the G&D, I went in there once.The place was NOT busy.  I sat down at a table.  While waiting for service, I pulled out my PDA and read the news off the net.  When I looked at my watch, and saw that half-an-hour had gone by without anyone EVER coming within 6ft. of my table -- much less asking if I wanted to order anything -- food or booze or coffee or a glass of water -- nobody.  Nothing.  I simply got up and walked out.When I go to a restaurant, I do NOT beg for service.  I expect someone to come to my table and ask me if I want something.  They didn't do that.Fortunately for me, there is, at least, another restaurant (there may even be two or three) in the greater Phoenix metropolitan area, so I won't starve.  Altho, with that level of non-service, the G&D might.
I like the look of this place. The food was not good and actually made me and my friend very sick. Bathroom was SCARY and non air conditioned. I really wanted to like this place but it just wasn't good. I liked the atmosphere other than the bathroom.. I could drink here but wont eat here again.
My husband lived in England and had a strong reccomendation on this place because of the food.  We didn't make it that far.  When we walked in everything look dirty- the floors, walls, booths, pool tables - and the place was dimly lit!  I could not believe this bar served food.  Nothing about it said restaurant.  The decor was everything British which may have been cute if they took a rag and wipe the dust off.  No one greeted us when we walked in so we just sat down at a table.  There was a waitress wandering around that looked just as lost as we did.  She finally came over and gave us some menus, took our drink order and that was it... we never saw her again.  While we waited we had a while to look over the menu.  All the British food sounded like some type of variation of pot roast.  I guess that's what British cuisine consists of but none of it sounded appealing.  Still waiting it gave me more time to look around and I started to get angry because I couldn't believe I was about to order food from such a dirty establishment (I could only imagine what the kitchen looked like).  I was shocked to see kids running around... I wouldn't take Bebe's kids in there. I clocked it; for 15 minutes we sat there without food or drinks, just menus.  Our booth faced the bar and the bartenders looked at us a few times but never sent anyone over to our table. Could I have asked for our server  Sure.  But by this point I knew I wasn't spending a dime here and wanted to see how long it would take someone to come over to us so I could tell what I thought of their service.  Finally we receded, parched and starving we got up and left the George & Dragon.  What a waste of time!
please tear this place down.
Have been to this place twice and the experience was the same. I personally don't get what draws people to this place. It's got a bit of a negative vibe. The staff is not friendly or service oriented and it's dirty. Great location for a light rail pub crawl - I think it just might not be our crowd.
There has been so much anticipation to go to G&D for Karaokee on mondays.  After a great bbq we all decided to go and sing our hearts out...well we arrived at about 10pm...added our names to the list...cheered othered singers on to encourage a good time, spent some money and tipped well....and waited patiently....well after 2.5 hours have gone by we had seen the same three girls go up the several times before we have...we get it...if they got there before us and signed up, its their turn...but then the host started singing songs and kept picking "random" chicks to sings songs...ok...now its getting weird.  Then when we saw the person that signed up right before us go up and then one of the same "three" girls and then the host "randomly" pick again.....we got pissed of and were ready to leave.  We were pissed and cashed out.  Then when we told the karaokee host that he was an ass and that we had been waiting over 2 hrs and were pissed, he pretty much talked crap and walked away.  Then he had the nerve to call our names when we walked right out of the door.  We came back in and talked to management.  We were there to have a good time and spend money.  I would rather spend my money elsewhere.  Star karaokee sux, IDK what the hell Michael the Karaokee host from star karaokee's problem was, but he was completely unprofessional and just plain RUDE.  We get it, you have your regulars, but we are cusotmers too.....we would have brought more people back in the future...but you can have fun with the same three people for your pitiful karaokee night.
Last night was my first visit to George and Dragon....and unfortunately, it will probably be my last.  My boyfriend, my daughter and I decided to go there for FATHER'S DAY.  We walked in the front door and stood in the middle of the room facing the bar.  There were maybe 6 or 7 occupied tables--it wasn't busy.  So we stood there, unsure of wether we sat ourselves or waited to be seated.  3 servers were present as well as a blonde bartender who totally ignored us.  Finally we asked if we sat ourselves and the bartender said to go right ahead.  We picked a booth facing the bar and sat.  And sat........and sat......and sat.  One male bartender seemed to be working in a back room only.  Another girl stood alongside the bar, staring out  us, drinking a soda as we sat there with no menus.  The bartender, who was maybe 15 feet from us, would look  us sideways, and look away.  My boyfriend works for the City of Phoenix.  He's a HUGE tipper.  Maybe we don't look like much, but... We waited 12 minutes (I am a serverbartender myself, so I watch greet times closely).  Finally we stood up and walked out...walked RIGHT past the bartender and she never said a word!!!!!!!!!!  I did call a spoke to a managernamed Bill, who sounded shocked.  I hope he took care of the problem or they will lose a LOT of business =(  We ended up having a very nice Father's Day dinner  The Black Forest Mill...thumbs up to them!
From the other descriptions I am reading, I believe our party had the same blond bartender.  Granted she didn't curse out anyone in our party, but it wasn't a very pleasant experience.  It's like she can't be bothered and perform her job in pleasant manner.  Why employ anyone like that  Last time I checked, restaurants were in the SERVICE industry, so provide better service or customers won't come back.
This was our second venture to this joint: the first time was a disaster as we didn't even get noticed once so no food or drink was to be had. The staff gets perfect marks for ignoring us, This time the joint wasn't to busy so figured we would have a decent chance at getting service. Well we sort of got service from a staff member who seemed annoyed we bothered her to order. The drinks were slow to come out and for beer it wasn't very cold. Before we could ask for waters our server ran away. We did finally order "food" the curry wings looked like a pile of gooey vomit and didn't taste much better. There were three of us at the table, each regretfully had one wing and shoved the rest to the side. I ordered the Halo burger which had a crisp cheddar ring around it which was the best part. The burger itself was something straight from the freezer, pre-made greasy as all can be. No flavor and the condiments that came with the burger were the standard fare. The steak fries as a side should have stayed in the kitchen. They were underdone and soggy. No flavor either. My wife ordered the french dip, something that usually you can't screw up. Well these guys at G&D are batting 1000 with subpar food, I've tasted better french dips at hospital cafeterias. Our friend ordered the Reuben grinder, he said it was OK, but again the fries stayed on the plate. Our wait staff was non existent. She never bothered to check on us once. We had to stand up to show that we were ready for our check...that really didn't work so our friend had to track her down. Plan to ask for your check well ahead of time as they do not value your time. I guess we are the idiots for trying the place again but really you might get em on a bad day so give them the benefit of the doubt and try em again. Well twice was WAY more than I will be spending there. I know they have a lot of regulars and maybe these folks are fine with the usual horrible AZ customer service and crappy food. I for one, coming from Chandler, like to enjoy a decent meal. We didn't order anything complex yet this joint managed to make even a simple burger just plain bad.
The drinks are so weak here that I had to order a vodka shot to put in my vodka martini and a whiskey shot to put in my whiskey sour. It tasted like water before. Any liquor drinks taste like watered down juice. And they aren't cheap drinks, so that's ridiculous. The food is good though.
Went there on an early Tuesday evening. Service was slow. My husband's sherpars pie was overcooked and loaded with pepper. My fish & chips were almost burnt. I had to ask for drink refills and dessert was never offered. I went here because of the great reviews but I won't be back.
Nothing stays the same! My dad always told me that but with the pub it really went down. As loyal customers for years we came to get our favorite dishes, smoked Salmon trio, across the pond steak dinner, and shepherds pie. Only to find the menu changed because the dishes "were too labor intensive and the other ones were a matter of numbers" even though before the steak special was always sold out! Now they have sandwiches and lots of mexican dishes, who wants their new menu items black bean soup, tacos and dirty rice ect.  at a pub Compared to exquisite authentic pub dinners that are not nearly as good. The shepherds pie had raw extremely pink ground lamb that was inedible! Needless to say we will not go back, they still have a great bar selection but don't go for dinner! All good things truly do come to an end...especially for Pipers Pub.
What awful customer service!!! I have never seen such a poor and untrained hosthostess as I witnessed today. The absolute worst. The blue haired host should be fired immediately! Letting people take up tables for 3 hours is an absolute joke. It's basic restaurant customer service 101....turn the tables as quickly as possible. If people are lingering ask them to head to the bar. Even offer to buy them a drink! But never have people waiting over 2 12 hours for a table for pub food....EVER! We are regular patrons but today was pathetic. The host was clueless and the bar was understaffed, all on a Sunday morning to say the least. What a poor excuse to say you can't ask people to give up their table....are you kidding!! They are basically just sitting there for free and you are losing revenue all because a host and wait staff don't understand how a restaurant should operate. We all love to come and watch the games on Saturday and Sunday mornings but it should be stated when seated that there is a 90 minute time limit per table and it should be ENFORCED. People will understand. Let them finish watching the matches at the bar and TURN THE TABLE! PERIOD! Again the blue haired host needs to be fired for his lack of ability and lack of customer service skills! This may be the last time we ever go to Piper's....how sad!!
So I'm a huge fan of any ethnic food culture that has discovered that stuffing meat andor cheese into a pastry shell is delicious.  So one day I tried the ground beef and onion pasty at this little shop, served to me by a friendly long-haired hippie dude.  Well, I get no further than bite two, and what's that extra ingredient that I detect A hair of course.  But not just any old little hair, like a two foot long hair, most certainly from that greasy hippie's long doo.  A long hair in my pasty will always seal the deal for me to never go back.
Cornish Pasty is the signature dish of my family.  It's just steak, potatoes, onions and a little salt and pepper in a short pastry crust. (Forget the other flavors, that's not pasty.)   My dad's are the size of a small canoe and the way to dispose of one is to eat half hot and the other half cold the next day with a salt shaker, a cold beer and a Packer game.  They're a lot of trouble to make so I don't get them often.I so wanted to like these.  The one I bought was roughly the size and shape of a slightly flattened softball, almost 4 inches thick.  Perhaps because of the thickness, the potatoes (skin on reds, not a good choice)  were seriously  undercooked, and ruined the pasty.  Al dente simply doesn't work for potatoes.I may give these another shot in case this was a fluke, but I'm not encouraged.
The new owner doesn't seem to quite have the hang of how to make a pasty.I had the beef & potato. It was a ball, smaller than a softball. While it was...interesting, it was hard to eat.The potatoes and onions were not cooked. They were cool and crunchy and not very pleasant.It was much smaller than Myles' pasty and the prices were higher. That's not surprising given the state of the economy, but I would expect the quality to at least stay the same, not get worse.I realized as I was leaving that he was still open about 20 minutes past the closing time listed on the door. He had a full shelf of pasties sitting under the heat lamp. I don't think I want to know how long they were sitting there.Hopefully this is just a case of "New Owner Still Figuring Things Out"...but then, he's not that new anymore...I hate to admit it, but the frozen pasties I get from the grocery store are now much better than what I found here.
For over 30 years I've been walking by this place and never tried it. Last night I decided to pick up a pasty for breakfast. Their website claims they open at 7AM on Fridays. I show up at 7:05 and the store is closed. Hours on yelp disagree with the website and claim they open at 7:30. I go to the office and head back at 7:40, still closed.  I guess I'll continue to walk by this place in the future.
The restaurant is under new ownership, and just reopened in the last couple weeks.  The previous owner carried the recipes over from the original owner, Myles.  They were excellent authentic Cornish Pasties.This new owner must not have gotten the pasty recipes in the deal.  They currently only have a couple breakfast pasties and one lunch menu option, the ground beef pasty.  So I went withe the ground beef pasty.This pasty was like eating an unseasoned dry hamburger wrapped in slightly overcooked pie crust.  There was no hint of potatoes, onions, or anything but ground beef inside it.  The portion size was about half the size of what the original pasties were.  This actually was fine since it took a full can of soda to make it through the size that it was because it was so dry.I will not eat there again.  I can't wait to see what will take its place next.  Too bad since Teddywedger's has been in that location for decades.
We use to visit this Pub 10 years ago because they had a nice English waitress and excellent fish and chips for the price.  However, we went back a few weeks ago and boy were we disappointed.  The price of the fish and chip dinner went up and they cut the portion in half.  No one assisted us in putting two tables together, we had to do it ourselves.  Two guests wanted a good English hot tea and they didn't brew it in advance, it was just thrown into a small metal tea pot and we had to ask for cream and sugar.  So we've decided there are newer and better places to eat fish and chips, especially up in north Phoenix.
I ordered a Jack & Coke, ...they gave me a glass of flat Coke.  nuff said.
Yeah...Overpriced, greasy, and not really that British.However, they have AMAZING Bread Pudding.Simply incredible bread pudding.A more detailed review...Beer was way too expensive, service was slow, even for sitting at the bar, the fish fell apart, fries were cold and lumpy ( were not CHIPS), NO FULLERS.The good The relish served with the Ploughmans, and the bread pudding was amazing, warm, served with fresh nutmeg, awesome custard.However, in the end, that's the only reason why this place gets a star.Avoid this, pay less and get better food in Tempe, at Rula.
A group of friends and I tried it out (was my second time eating here) last week and we ALL got sick. We all had different things, and the food was greasy and gross. I do not recommend this place and I won't be back.
My wife and i came in for lunch on a Friday afternoon. There were six people in the bar. The service was very slow. It took over 15 min to get a beerI had the fish and chips. The fish came out very soggy and chips were soggy as well.  My wife had the cottage pie. This came very dry as well. There was no gravy at allOverall i dont think we will be back here any time soo
The name says it all folks - you'd have to be "coo-coo" to eat at this hole in the wall diner. The service was dismal - the ladies behind the counter could barely muster up a smile and a perfunctory greeting between the two of them. The food (breakfast) was just not right. The eggs were rubbery, the bacon definitely NOT applewood-smoked as stated on their website's menu, the croissants were sad & stale, and the butter was actually margarine with a cloying taste. We all agreed that everything just tasted "strange". I love diners, especially mom-and-pop establishments, but there are bound to be hit and misses. This was definitely a miss.
Great service but food was like from a camping trip - powdered eggs, microwaved sausage patty, and Eggo waffles - no lie!
The food is great but I can not stand the guy who is behind the counter taking orders and money. He never smiles, he has a horrible attitude and treats the employees likes slaves.I will never return to this place if this man is behind the counter. One day I went in to pick up carry out and the place was packed, there was not a seat available and of course the man with the horrible attitude is there being bashful and not welcoming at all. At this point Ive figured out that he is the owner, if you're the owner with an attitude like that please stay home and let the girls that work there run the place, at least they smile and are friendly, this guy needs an attitude adjustment!!!!!
I am soo disappointed! I was so excited to find a cute little cafe near my daughters school. Ordered the Super Bird to go and I was utterly disgusted. Took a bite and spit it out, which I never waste food like that. The Turkey was gamy and tasted like I was eating rotten turkey. I was so disappointed I payed for it. I will not go back. Ugh. I still have a terrible taste from it.
You would have to be white or be with a white person to get good service around here.  I felt a racial tension when I was here last.
I always go to this bar when in Vegas during the soccer season but only because it has the monopoly on soccer pubs in the city.  The lack of competition has lead to complacency and piss-taking on the cover charge for games.  My gripe recently is that my brother and I paid 20 bucks each to watch a game televised on Fox Soccer Channel (basic cable) when we could have watched in any other sports bar for free.I've been to games there with the atmosphere rocking, but for the UEFA Cup Final it was only half busy and left me wondering how they justify taking 20 bucks off customers when the average patron will also drop a reasonable amount behind the bar and on food.
What a dump!! I am a Brit in Vegas so I thought I would go to the Crown and Anchor to watch the footie. One end of the bar was covered with stacks of dirty beer glasses. The place was filthy and absolutely minging. The waitress was awful and the food I saw coming out of the kitchen I would not feed to my dog. I left after one pint. Shockingly awful!I think the worst bar I have ever been in!
Was told this place had soccer games. Called to find out if they had the la galaxy game (which was on fox sport west) and was told "we have all the soccer games, we've never missed one". Although the guy had no idea who the galaxy were and was not knowledgeable about soccer.  We drove a few miles there.  The waitress had no clue to anything soccer related and simply pointed to a schedule chalkboard.  As expected only premeir league games.  What made this especially upsetting was that they were playing a college (american) "football" game on one tv.  This place does not play any major league soccer games and instead shows college football!!!! Also, so much for the "we never miss a game" I was told in reference to major league soccer.  But the guy obviously had no idea what he was talking about and I was skeptical going there in the first place.
Terrible! Good piece of fish with tasteless batter, frozen fries,&  peas that must have been cooked at least two days previously. Either the cook was gone, or the reviews have been loaded by friends , relatives, and employees. We cannot believe that this ever got a "best" rating.
Carpet has intense odor of beerother things spilled on it.  If you like microwave frozen food, you'll love it here.  There's something "going on" in this place, like if I found out that there was 400 pounds of marijuana in the basement, it wouldn't surprise me. I think this is a hang out for local residents that are not allowed in casinos.
I went there on Friday 10-11-13 around 5 PM.  No one was there to greet and seat.  When we finally were seated, we waited a long time just to get a drink.  Then noticed that a part outside was getting all the attention.  You know how that goes, larger parties, larger tips!!!!  So after waiting nearly 15 minutes for anyone to even come and take our order we left.  This was the worst service I ever experienced, anywhere.  And it wasn't like it was busy or anything.  That should have been a hint right there.  And the menu selection was pretty limited as well.  What British Pub doesn't even have Shepherds Pie for crying out loud.  Don't waste your time.
Sorry but you are in VEGAS and I have to go to a table and order food to be served liquor We had just had a great dinner and great drinks elsewhere, decided we wanted to go have a few drinks and some fun. Found this place, went up to the bar ordered a round of Jamisons which we were told we could only have if we had a table and ordered food. Ended up having a round of beer and leaving with a very very unhappy date.
Every few months I go to the eastside Crown & Anchor for fish and chips.  Sometimes it's good, sometimes the fried fish is greasy.  Yesterday I had someone visiting, so I also bought bangers.  The menu said that it came with beans and homemade mashed potatoes.  I love homemade mashed potatoes, and these were not even close to being homemade.  They weren't even close to being potatoes.  They were thin, watery and almost translucent -- like the worst mixture of cheap, non-brand fake instant.  And the beans barely covered the bottom of a container of a size that usually holds a squirt of ketchup.
First time i have ever done this, but i felt like i had to. I was in town for a week and while here looked online for good places to eat. Crown and Anchor showed up so we decided to give it a try. We came in on Monday night for the all you can eat. First off they need to update their prices online, for the amounts are different. To get on with the story though we walked right in and were able to sit down immediately which was nice. The waitress was at our table within 2 min or so and we ordered beverages and our food right away. My friends water was there within 3-5min or so, my coke however took almost 20 min to show up. After that it took another 20 min for our fish (keep in mind this was AYCE so the fish should be ready quick. After getting our fish, i kid you not it was 40 min before our waitress even stopped back needless to say we had been waiting and trying to ask her for fish for 20min at least. We talk to her and fish is there then somehow within only 5 min. It was then another 20 before we see her again and ask for our check. For anyone that took the time to read this, i really hope that we were an exception and nobody else goes through this. The service as a whole sucked. The people on either side sucked (relationship fighting, and a guy talking in a terrible British accent). In whole dinner took around 2 hours. The reason this even gets 1 star is that yes the Fish and Chips were very authentic. I will not be going back, but if you are willing go ahead and give it a try.
Sorry Cornish!  You have a good thing going it seems but need some polishingcleaning.  The place was doing a really brisk carryout business while we were there.  Very friendly and eclectic staff.  Good beer selection too.The pasties were tasty but the temperature of the filling when reheated was not consistent - some hot spots, some cool spots.  I worry that this could be a recipe for food illness.The star killer came just as we were getting ready to leave.  A small roach came crawling out onto the bar in front of us.  GGGAAAAHHHHDDDD.
Ive been here multiple times and love their food. Living in california i come here at least once a month. Any foodie knows there is more to a restaurant experience than a great product. An amazing restaurant has three basics covered:1) customer service 2) great food offerings 3) an overall great experience. This place lacks customer service which kills the experience. I stood there on a packed Tuesday and saw 3-5 different employees walk by with no acknowledgement that I existed. No eye contact, no greeting, no words at all! After 10 mins and a line out the door I left irritated and ticked. I sympathize with the youth movement and the college atmosphere this place has, however customer service needs to be emphasized to the men and women working the floor. They are the face of your store and if this trend continues, eventually customers will get fed up and go elsewhere. If I am an owner I would be pissed if this negative behavior was going on in my business. The business acumen is very important and should be a learning tool to teach the college kids the important lessons which can be applied to all different job titles. The staff I saw working tonight looked lazy and tired. Maybe due to the high temperature of the restaurant however with poor customer service and lack of a face in the entrance greeting me with a smile and a friendly greeting, it leaves me feeling like you don't want my money and you don't care enough about your customers standing around. Eventually the attitude of we have a superior product that ppl pay for and they not have to worry about customer service will come back to bite them in the butt.Areas for improvementThe waiters should be focused on turning tables and getting the checks as soon as the dessert is finished as opposed to walking around with their heads cut off. More tables being turned equates to more tips. I saw 4-6 tables sitting talking on their phone when they could have been served their checks or ordered more food. My avg time from start to finish was between 90-120 mins! You cut my time in the restaurant to 60 mins with efficient service and food running from the kitchen this place could double its profits and increase tips. They need someone to work the front and greet the customers and let them know they are wanted, appreciated and they want to provide me with a great meal! Drinks out in under 5 mins from order (I waited 20 mins and she forgot about my 2nd beer later in the evening and I had to remind her so 30 mins for a pint of beer...total wait time for 2 drinks: 50 minsNotification on food times (depends on who is working) Challenge your servers to turn tables faster Servers need to be smiling and social
A group of 5 of us just sat down on their patio after being told when we walked in to just "have a seat anywhere." After about 20 minutes of not being noticed one of us walked inside and kindly asked for some menus. We were assured there would be a server shortly. 15 minutes later a waitress came out but didn't have menus and said she would send out somebody else. 15 more minutes later still nobody had acknowledged us even though the person we first talked to had looked directly at us multiple times. We literally did nothing rude and feel like we were deliberately ignored or at best just forgotten about. I don't think this place will be receiving any business from us in the future.
My party and I sat at a table for 45 minutes and never even got menus despite being approached by a server twice and told we would be helped shortly. It wasn't even a busy night, and when we finally decided to leave and go elsewhere, we saw the servers chatting casually with each other by the kitchen on our way out. I eat out at least once a week and I have NEVER encountered service this terrible.
I have never been as insulted as I was last  night when my party and I were refused service at Cornish Pasty Company. We sat outside without being approached for 20 minutes, after being told at the door that we could sit anywhere. I finally got up to ask someone for menus, and was told by a male server that he would bring them out. He then proceeded to move in and out, making eye contact with me numerous times, without greeting our table. After 10 more minutes of waiting, a female server asked if we had been helped. We said no, and she said that she would send someone out. 15 minutes later, and we still hadn't been approached. We ended up leaving and eating somewhere else. I can't believe that we were ignored for so long on a busy patio that had at least 3 different servers moving around. We have eaten here numerous times in the past, but will never go back again.
Maybe it was an off night, but this just didn't do it for me. Dropped in, no one to seat me, figured I'd seat myself. Waited 5 minutes for a server to say hi and offer me a drink, another 15 to get some water and get my order taken. The server didn't know which Vegan Pasties were available that night so she checked, it was only the Vegan Greek Pasty (the menu stated at least two available on any given night). As a vegan, that was my option, so that I got (with a side of chips). A good twenty minutes later everything comes out. The pasty was ok at first, full of sun-dried tomatoes and artichoke hearts. About halfway through I bite into a huge chunk of Mozarella (not vegan) and put the rest down. The only vegan option available that night was in fact not vegan. Really guys At least the chips were ok.Waited a good twenty minutes after I was clearly done eating before my server offered a check and to-go box. Overall the service was extremely slow and inconsiderate (I didn't really feel welcome), the vegan food wasn't vegan, and I still paid $15.00 for what amounted to a sandwich and fries. Maybe it was an off night, and I know a lone customer isn't a top priority, but I wouldn't come back again.
Came here for the first time to have a going away dinner with a bunch of coworkers because we work at a restaurant nearby. TERRIBLE service. Absolutely horrible. I have never felt so unwelcome before in a restaurant in my entire life. Every person I encountered was rude to me. I sat down and was never offered anything, never even got water! I tasted a friend's pasty and wasn't very good. A slightly better hotpocket really. After telling a friend about how bad the service was, she told me she also got horrible service and got food poisoning after eating there a few weeks earlier. Needless to say, I'll NEVER step foot in there again !
This was not my first visit. I've enjoyed myself on previous visits but this time ... not so much. Pros: the waitress was good, kept my water filled repeatedly without being asked and checked on me regularly...reflected in her tip. Cons: I really like curry so I ordered the "curried potato" side dish with my pasty. I wanted to like them, I really did but they were so salty as to make them inedible. The waitress apologized and took them off the bill. The "bangers & mash" pasty was great but again the small cup of gravy was too salty to be edible..and I'm a guy who eats salty foods.OK, I didn't need the gravy. My desert pasty arrived without the accompanying ice cream or cream sauce. The explanation was that the fridge unit with the ice cream apparently went down ....the ice cream was all melted....sorry here's your pasty without the rest of the desert. Brandon (manager) stopped by my table;  he started out by saying he understood there was a problem with my ice cream...I had to explain that the ice cream wasn't served at all...he seemed surprised. He acknowledged that I clearly should be disappointed if the full desert described on the menu hadn't been served .... Got me my check...the full price of the desert was included on the bill. I paid up and left. I know if I had asked him to reduce the price of the desert he would have done so...but frankly after visiting my table and learning that half of the desert dish hadn't been served, I shouldn't have had to ask.
Boooooo!  Walked in, sat at the kitchen back bar area for five minutes, we weren't even greeted.  We figured that we must have to sit around the other side so we got up, walked around and stood around looking lost for another five minutes.  There isn't a way to tell who works there and who doesn't in the sea of skinny jeans plaid shirts and black rimmed glasses so we finally left.  I've eaten here before, the food is pretty good but customer service is more important than food.  I'll take my dollar and properly fitting pants somewhere else.
Great cider, thats about it...just left after sitting there and being ignored. 1st we get told the apetizer will take the same amount of time as the main dish. Then we spilled a drink, had to wait 2 passes of our waitress to get her attention. When we finally did, she said she would be right back with a towel. 15 minutes later, she has taken 3 more orders in front of us and no towel. We ask to cancel our order and get tje check, only to be told your meal is ready. We refused the meal and paid for our drinks and left a 0 tip. Great to be ignored and left with a soggy table.
Horrible service.  We were disappointed as this was our first visit to their new location in the South End after the first location was closed due to a fire.  After entering and waiting 5 minutes by the door, no one bothered to seat us.  There were soccer matches on the TVs and the wait staff was more preoccupied with watching the matches than serving their customers.  Finally, we just sat down at a table. After another 10 minutes an elderly gentleman, the proprietor I suspect, waddled over to our table with about 3 TV remotes.  He never even acknowledged us, but rather, adjusted the large TV located directly above us and waddled back into oblivion.  No other wait staff came over even after I waved and made direct eye contact.  The new location is also very cramped and hard to move around in.  The original location had very much a "pub feel".  The new location reminds one of an overcrowded, generic sports bar and has the service to match.  Never going back.
"Ok..... bare-able.... but not good"Been here many times... Keep trying to believe Big Bens will come thru.... Oh wellFood is still par... Absolutely nothing to write home about.And the bar...How frustrating ..... Still charging way too much.We truly tried, tried and tried again....   Good bye, Big Bens.
All I wanted was a meat pie... Get your minds out of the gutter. Looking for a good British beer and some good eats. Sadly neither was had on this occasion. Tried to find a seat at the bar but it was full. No worries. Outside seating it is. Quite a large patio, nice seating but sadly next to the tracks. No biggie though. And then we waited... and waited... and waited. Finally we gave up. No water. No server. Though there was a friendly gentleman that was closing up the patio that said "thank you, have a good night". Not sure what he was thanking me for though. So no meat and no beer but yet no more appetite for the Brits.
If you read my previous reviews of this restaurant, I think you'll see that I've tried to be fair, even-handed. But today's experience was ridiculously frustrating. We sat down, ordered two Guinness pints to start. Then...the server returned and announced, "We're out of Guinness." I understand that this is a British -- not Irish -- pub, but to not keep Guinness on hand even in a British pub in America is appalling.  And since the server didn't know up front that they had no Guinness, I have to conclude that they don't consider this an important issue. The end of the story We left and went to Sir Ed's, where the service is excellent and the Guinness always flows.
We moved across the street 4 months ago and have been trying to make this bar our new home.  The bar is okay but the service sucks!  They don't care about their clients but rather care about hanging out with other staff members more than service.  They are slow, forget your requests and the managers couldn't care less. The bartenders and servers are great, but they can't do anything without the owners and managers support.  We are not going back after giving this place 6 chances and trying extremely hard to make it our new hangout.  They need a ton of management support, and the wait staff sucks! Cross the street and try Tyber creek or all american pub where the environment is more upbeat, positive and they care about their customers.
THIS PLACE HAS THE WORST SERVICE EVER. I used to love going here when they first opened but something has gone terribly wrong. They were out of 2 of the 3 menu items we tried to order, which we were informed of nearly 20 minutes after putting our order in. When we finally did get our food, half of it came. Eventually we did get the other half, after those who got their food were finished. The quality of the food was awful. The server forgot the second round twice. We had to go up to the bar and wait about 15 minutes for someone to acknowledge us to give us our tab. At the bar there were other people complaining about the poor service. Needless to say I am never going back; which is a shame because this could be a really great place.
Fail.They serve food till midnight, so we rolled through here at 11 PM on a First Friday. The waiter kept forgetting things we asked for... water, menus, etc. French fries - oops chips - tasted like they had been sitting out for a while. Cool and mushy... not my idea of a good chip.My clam chowder was kind of thin though it tasted OK. It was lacking potatoes. Kinda weird. Ordered a Strongbow cider on tap... and it's flat. Since the server was nowhere to be found, I went up to the bar. Bartender: "Oh the cider is usually a little flat! Don't worry about it!" (WHAAA) Me: "No - it's really flat. I think my water is fizzier." Turns out it was the bottom of the tap and there's none left, and they aren't opening another till the next day. So no drinkey drinkey for Adam. Fail! Friend ordered some sandwich, she seemed to like it but it didn't look too thrilling to me. So whatevs.The wine list was pretty shallow. Other friend ordered some "fruity tart" type flavored white wine. She said it was "tinny" tasting and not good. Fail.The pool table takes up way too much room such that it's impossible to sit around the wall and not be poked by sticks. After being poked 3x by this daft fool I tapped the back of his cue ball and messed up his shot on purpose, because I was about to get it in the ribs. The paintings of the Queen and Churchill kind of suck, in a 7th grade kind of way. It looks like Queen E's hair is floating slightly above her head. I will not be back!
DON'T GO TO THIS PLACE!It lists itself as an English pub.  Traditionally, Fish & Chips is, or should be, a main attraction on the menu.  I ordered the special - a half order of fish & chips and a cup of French onion soup (they were nice enough to substitute French onion for the listed clam chowder).  To my mouth, the fish was inedible - I forced down 2 small bites before I (figuratively) threw it back.  The layer of cheese on the soup was thick enough to be measurable with a child's ruler - a small child's ruler.  Once I fought my way through the cheese, there were about 3 whole slices of bread in the soup.  Unfortunately, there was only 1 sliver of onion in the bowl.  The potatoes weren't bad - they were actually kinda tasty.  Worst excuse for a meal I've had in decades!  If you have to ask if I will go back, you haven't read this review.
We did not have a good experience.Apparently there was only one server and one cook on the Sunday afternoon that we visited the pub.  After waiting an hour for our food - an HOUR - the order was incorrect.  We were told it would be "another 10 minute wait" if we wanted the order corrected because that's how long it would take to "cook the fish".   Unbelievable.To their credit, they did offer to comp our meal and we took them up on it.  However, between the obvious disorganization of the place and its lack of handicap accessibility, we won't be back.
We decided to check out this place for a drink or 2 while waiting for Bianco.  Eh...the inside was so hot..they couldn't find the remotes to the ceiling fans, (really). My husband got a draft beet and I went with bottled, both were room temp. We gave them another chance or ordered another round, both were warm again.  The limes for my beer were crusty and gross.  I didn't even want to think about eating here if they can't keep the beer cold what is the cooler likeNext time we are waiting at Bianco we will stay at Bar Bianco where the keep the beer cold!
Don't ever eat here. I'll never go back. It only got one star specifically because it did serve me food and drink. Unfortunately, the service was horrible (and i'm a server) - and it took over 1.5 hours for us to get four sandwiches. We got no explanation and no apology. We were only able to get one beer refill during that period of time. And for four people, our bill ended up being a ridiculous amount of money! Don't do it...you'll hate yourself after wards.  I'm pretty sure everyone else giving it five stars must be sleeping with someone that works there.
Worst, slow service ever....especially with almost no one in the place. Food was average at best and thats being kind. Skip it if you are looking to eat or get a drink.Just an update: I (as well as a friend who wrote a review of the day) were contacted (I didn't see my message until today oops) and offered refunds and gift certificates. Now this seems all well and fine-I do appreciate them trying to make the most of the situation-but my friend is still waiting for a refund andor certificate. So we shall see. If I could take away my star for more non-service then I would.
POOR SERVICE.It was busy for a Saturday I guess -- the Body World exhibit had just opened and no other restaurant in the area was open. They had 1 bartender on staff and 2 servers it seemed. They did not do a good job of managing their time. One of the servers, a short Asian girl, seemed to keep telling people that they were short staffed and really busy. She seemed to be more flustered than anything else. She could have taken a moment to gather herself and just roll with it. I just asked for a soda, and as she was putting ice in the cup, I told her I didn't need that much ice in it, to which she replied "It will melt."What a fucking bitch! Are you serious Did you just speak that way to a customer She's definitely in the wrong industry and I hope she's one of the college students there that's going to graduate and get a job in a sector that doesn't involve people -- like Astrophysics or Botany. She was definitely not a people person.The other gentleman there seemed to be busing tables and running around, making drinks etc. He seemed pleasant enough.Another server, a young white girl, was pretty keen on the needs of the customers -- why couldn't we get her I don't know. She seemed to not be that stressed and was taking things in stride, albeit taking her sweet time as well.Overall, VERY poor service. I kind of want to write the owner and tell them how much their waitstaff sucks. I just might.
Decent food, bad service, dirty bathroom and chairs that fall apartWe decided to go here because it's right next to the museum but will never go back.The service was bad, it looked like they didn't have enough servers on to handle the amount of tables. We never got drink refills and eventually ended up going to the bar to get them even though we had asked the server for them but he never brought any.The picnic table we sat at was unstable and I was afraid the entire time we were there that the bench was going to break at any second. The table next to us ended up falling through their chair though, luckily no one was hurt.The food was alright but, not good enough to go back for a second time. My boyfriend complained about the dirty bathroom. If he complained about it, it was bad!I suggest going down the street to find something better, anything will be better than here.
I am giving this place one star because apparently you cannot leave a "zero star". First off, I must assume that the good reviews for this place are due to the fact that most people in Arizona aren't familiar with authentic "Pub Grub". Therefore, I forgive my foodie brethren from the Grand Canyon State.We arrived here on a Sunday night while visiting family in AZ to eat at Bianco's, only to find that it was closed. Seeing a "British Pub" across the street, my wife and I decided to try it out since we are avid fans of British food.We stood at the entrance for about 5 minutes as the waitress chatted with patrons at the bar. She finally saw us and we were seated. I ordered a bottled beer, and it arrived with no glass. I requested one, and she returned with a hot beer glass straight out of the dish washer. As any beer advocate can attest, you don't want a hot glass for your beer (or an ice cold one for that matter, unless of course you are drinking a lager, but I digress.) My wife ordered the french onion soup, and I the Fish and Chips, since no Pub is Worth its weight in ale if it can't produce adequate Fish and Chips; for it is a Brit Pub staple and I judge all Pubs by their Fish and Chips. After what seemed like an eternity, our food arrived, and it was definitely not worth the wait. My wife took once sip of her soup and said "this is Lipton's instant soup mix." She called the waitress and asked if it was "Lipton's french soup mix" and the waitress replied with "I don't know." My wife requested that she ask the chef, and the waitress returned and confirmed that it was indeed "Lipton's French Soup Mix." We requested that it be taken off our bill. Now for the real dagger in my foodie heart. I looked at my "Fish and Chips" only to find a burned brown piece of batter, dripping of stale deep fryer oil, and potato wedges. Not English chips, potato wedges, like the frozen wedges one can buy at the store. I attempted to take a bite of the fish, and oil dripped down my hand and arm, and a pool of rancid oil filled my plate. The fish batter was burnt and tasteless, and somewhere inside it was a piece of fish (I didn't bother looking for it). I called the waitress back and expressed my grievances of its lack of authenticity as well as its burned and greasy state. Her response "Well, it is deep fried" she said in a sarcastic tone. I explained that I understood that, but deep frying to the point that oil is dripping down my arms and pooling on my plate is not acceptable, not to mention by the smell that the oil was in dire need of changing. I then asked if the owner was British, because I could not fathom any Brit allowing such culinary atrocities.  Her response was again, in a dull sarcastic tone, "No, but the owner's Mother-in-law is." She later returned to apologize and stated that the low quality was due to lack of business. How one attempts to stay in business by lowering quality standards is beyond my comprehension. Suffice to say we paid for the beer and left and will never return here again.
This was my second visit and alas, my last. Our first visit was at lunch and it was just OK. We weren't blown away nor were we impressed. But I will always opt to support a local Mom & Pop shop if all things are equal. This last visit was the pits.It was 5:30pm on a Saturday night. We were one of two tables. This is usually an indication of something fishy (excuse the pun.) Appetizer was edamame. It was overcooked and left uneaten. I am not the adventurous sushi order-er; I had California rolls and spicy tuna. The tuna rolls were mostly spicy sauce then fish, very mayonnaise-y and unsatisfying. As for my CA rolls, the avocado was all brown! Not just the parts on the top (because I checked!) all the way through. When I brought it to the staff's attention her response was "Oh, yea. Avocado is like banana. They get brown very easily and we cut that yesterday." WHAT! They did bring me another batch (that was part brown, part green) but it was too late. This was my first sushi restaurant EVER that we left half the rolls on the plate uneaten. Since we were all still hungry, my daughter picked up the table tent listing all the desserts. Yuck! Filthy. Not wiped down in a long while or perhaps ever. When I set it back is when I noticed the wall also needed a good wipe down. Needless to say, we skipped dessert. Our first visit deserved a 2.5 but this visit was a 1.
Benihana.  It's just rolls off the tongue, doesn't it  No, unfortunately not.at.all...anymore.  From hence forth, all mentions of Benihana are likely to cause anxiety in my usually calm heart.  I hate complaining like this. I really do. But sometimes, you just have to, ya knowTuesday evening I met a group of friends for a birthday dinner.  The reservation for our party of nine was for 7:00pm.  All but one of our party arrived prior to 7:00, but the hostess was curt in explaining that all party members needed to be present before we were seated, as our chef would be ready to begin meal preparation as soon as we were seated.  Fortunately, the final member of our party arrived shortly and we were seated at 7:05pm.  It was not until 7:40pm that first contact with our server was made. Without any apology for the delay she took our drink orders.  She (name withheld because I don't want to be rude) returned more than 10 minutes later with our drinks, but waited another 10-15 minutes after that to take our dinner orders.  As I was waiting I looked over at the table next to us, who were also clearly celebrating a child's birthday.  At one point the mother (I'm assuming) smiled at me and said, "I hope you get out before midnight. We've been here over two hours.  We're taking our cake and getting out of here."Upon taking our orders, one of our guests explained that due to a shrimp allergy it was necessary to cook any shrimp ordered by our group in another area (a neighboring grill, etc.).  Our server said that she would have to ask the manager, who came to our table shortly thereafter.  When the manager arrived at the table my guest explained her allergy and his response was that it might be in her best interest to leave.  I'm giving him the benefit of the doubt that he meant leaving the table, not the restaurant, but I'm not certain of this. Following this recommendation he mentioned that she could wait in the bar as the rest of us dined table-side.  I asked him why it was not an option to prepare the shrimp at a neighboring table, but he expressed concern that other customers may require the use of the other available tables.  I understand his point, but the restaurant was near-empty as the hour quickly approached 8:30pm.  Finally, he offered to prepare the shrimp portions of our meals in the kitchen.  I'm not sure why this wasn't initially mentioned as an option, but I'll leave it at that.  Our chef Tom eventually arrived at our table. He was very pleasant and efficient during the course of our meal preparation.  During his time at the table my Emperor's Salad was delivered, as were the majority of my table's sushi orders.  However, two of our guests that ordered sushi were not served at this time.  In fact, they were not served until a full 10 minutes after the rest of our party finished our meals.  At one point, they inquired about the delay to she-whose-name-shall-not-be-mentioned, who responded that they were "waiting for the rice."  When she delivered their food there was not a single mention of the delay.  Two hours and thirty+ minutes after we arrived at Benihana, we left.  From start to finish, the entire evening was a terrible experience.  It was ridiculous to the point that there was not even soap or toilet paper available in the restroom.  Were it not for the kindness and professionalism of Tom (and the awesome company of friends), the night would have been a complete waste.  My final thought is this. The food was fine, but because I was feeling particularly piggish on this Tuesday evening, I enjoyed two California rolls from my stash of Costco sushi at home before departing for the restaurant. The difference between Costco's rolls and Benihana's...a toss up - just sayin.  The good news is, this will give my friends something to whine about for YEARS to come...
Many great memories and great experience at Benihana BUT last night WAS NOT! Horrible service! Took 15 mins to even take a drink order...then when I had a question about a speciality wine the waiter says he didn't know so ok no big deal, could he go find.. NO! Told me to go the bar and ask the bartender. Really! Then the chef came out and was pretty good although cooked everything separate starting  with only onions and zucchini, where's the veggies From start to finish it was about half an hour! If we ate the dinner as a whole it would've been cold.. So we ate as we went. Also drink refills were a tough task too.. the chef had to keep asking other servers to assist. few and far between!! We had 3 birthdays at our table.. Not one song , which I didn't care, not one complimentary picture, no dessert was offered until another customer said something. Then the bill.. Oh the bill... That took another 15 mins!! At this point I told my family to go ahead home and I will wait considering this overall experience was almost a 2 hour ordeal. I was double charged on two items. At this point I was DONE dealing with this incompetent and appethetic waiter!!! Went to settle my bill with the manager who was nice and accommodating. Rectified the errors. And was generous with a $20 refund! I told him about the experience and all he said was "I can take picture now for you" UM... I was by myself!!! No thanks! One last thing, the male greeter needs some drug intervention.. He was high as a kite and made my daughter & I feel very uncomfortable to the point of invading our personal space and staring with those glazed over eyes as he staggered to and from his post. WOW & BOO!!! And sad : (
This is by the far the worst hibachi restaurant I have eaten at. The food is very bland from the onion soup to the fried rice (which basically was white rice with chopped onions) to the chicken (which was so pale it looked like it was boiled). Hibachi food typically has tons of flavor and tastes good because it has some grill marks and char, which none of our food had. I question whether it was even cooked on the hibachi table (we ate at a regular table but ordered from the hibachi menu). Not only was the food bad but the service was terrible. Our waiter didn't even know that hibachi dinners should come with the two sauces, he acted confused when I asked for them. Additionally, we ordered a sushi roll for an appetizer and instead of getting it before dinner, we received it after our dinner even though we saw it sitting at the sushi bar for a good 15 minutes beforehand. This restaurant may have been around for a long time but it doesn't even compare to other hibachi restaurants and was more expensive than any other I've eaten at.
This place is crappy the only veggies u get is onions and zucchinis took the server 30 min to serv us drinks then took them 20 min to take orders by the time the chef comes out already an hour just for the food and the show after we ate our waiter didnt even recommend anny desserts just gave us the chek and leave with out saying anny thing els o i for got we were still eating like wtf im still eating and so was mi family and u just give me the check the chef just left like five min ago . I recamen go sime where els n eat
This is the WORST Hibachi I have ever had.  We came here for a friends birthday, and I will never be going back. Service was mediocre, but the food was the real travesty.You go to Hibachi for a show, but it's not fun when the cook makes the SAME Giant Eagle joke the entire time.  He also couldn't perform all the tricks that are pretty standard from Hibachi chefs.  The food. Not good.  My boyfriend ordered tofu and it was cold in the middle.  He didn't bother to have the guy heat it more, bc it would have just been a hassle.  The chef forgot one friends meal completely and got rude with the server.  Then after everything was cooked, he looked at me and asked did you eat all your shrimp. I replied "no, you never served me any." (I had ordered the chicken and shrimp.)  He then sends the server back into the kitchen to get more. By the time they were cooked, everyone was finished eating.  Come on.  To make matters worse, when we left we saw that he was the head chef. That doesn't say too much for the rest of them. I don't know how people keep coming here.  There is WAY better hibachi in Pittsburgh, for a lot less money.  I mean honestly, I paid $9.50 for a glass of Kendall Jackson. No. The best part of the meal were the cupcakes that my friend brought.  Do your wallet and your stomach a favor and go to a different Hibachi place.  Benihana is not worth your time or money.
My family and I have been going to Benihana for about 5 years now. We've always had to wait at least a half an hour to be seated, even when we've had reservations. In the past its been forgivable, mostly because its close to home for us, the food is okay (albeit a little pricey), and my Grandmother absolutely loves the entertainment of hibachi. But that all changed last night when we went out with a party of 8 for my and my mothers birthday. I made reservations two weeks in advance for our birthday dinner. When I called they were almost totally booked and only had a few spots left that evening. Our reservations were for 7:30. We arrive a little early at 7:20 and I let the hostess know that we are there and she checks us in. Then we basically just wait and wait and wait. We notice the hostess turning people away, and we notice two tables who have been seated for about 30 minutes now haven't even gotten their soups or salads. By now its nearly 8 O'clock. Then my mother overhears the hostess telling someone that they are short staffed and the wait is going to be extremely long. By this point we've been waiting for 45 minutes. My sister takes a walk through the restaurant and notices there is only 1 hibachi chef working, but there are SEVEN tables seated, all waiting for fooddrinks. So I ask the hostess how much longer before we are seated. She informs me that it will be at least another half an hour before we get a table, because two hibachi chefs and two kitchen chefs called off sick. It would be another hour after were seated before they would even start taking our food orders. This is TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE. First of all, the hostess should have informed us when we arrived that they were short staffed and we would have a very very long wait. OR, the manager should have phoned people with reservations and asked if they could reschedule. Either way, we should have been informed instead of letting us stand in the lobby for an hour, not knowing that it would be another hour and a half before we would actually eat, on an evening when we had reservations. We decided to call Ichiban to see if they could accommodate us. They told us we could walk right in and be seated immediately. As we were leaving we ran into a gentleman who was outside smoking who told us that his party had reservations for 6:30 and they still had not ordered their food! It was now about 8:20pm. Our first dinner at Ichiban actually turned out to be much better than our previous dinners at Benihana, so I don't think we'll ever be going back there. I think Ichiban will be our new hibachi restaurant of choice.
Coming from the west coast, this is probably the worst sushi I have had in a very long time. There are no descriptions for any of the rolls. They do not offer low sodium soy sauce. The wait for 3 rolls and 4 pieces of sashimi took over 25 minutes. Now for the food, the scallop roll is mushy ( if they were scallops I wouldn't know). Actually, everything I ate was mushy. The service was inattentive. I waited 10 minutes for a refill for my iced tea, after the owner and another server looked straight at my empty glass.
FILET MIGNON NOT AS ADVERTISEDWe ordered the filet mignon with chicken hibachi.  The flavor was ok, we asked for the filet to be medium and it arrived well done, was very chewy and we suspect a chuck roast or some other inferior cut of beef was substituted for the filet.  False advertising at its best--shouldn't that be illegalThe fried rice that came with it was ok but we were not offered a choice of steamed rice or noodles.  Other hibachi places we have been to plate noodles and steamed or fried rice together.The miso soup was very salty and murky and not very flavorful.  The salad had a lot of water at the bottom of the bowl and was made up of head lettuce only (anyone ever heard of a salad spinner)--not very appetizing.We also ordered sushi (all cooked ingredients) it was just ok and not the best I have experienced.The waitress was slow and had to be asked for refills on our hot tea.  The whole meal took almost an hour and a half and cost $75.00 tip included.  Not worth the price, time, gas and wear and tear on the car to get there.
Date & Time of Visit:  May 21, DinnertimeI don't know what this place was thinking with their eighty-five-dollar, eight-course tasting menu.  That menu had microscopic-size courses and the taste, after the first two (2) courses, were repetitive--and mostly on the sweet side.  Moreover, the place has the sticky feel that one would associate with divey restaurants.  As for their restroom, only one and a unisex one at that.  And yes, there was urine on the floor.
This used to be our favorite place when we first moved to Pittsburgh two years ago.  It had good quality fish and a nice atmospherecool staff.  As of our last visit, about two months, ago, the menu still had not changed, the portions of fish were smaller while prices stayed the same, and the atmosphere was on par with that of a Hofbrauhaus.  A drunken man knocked into our table on his way storming out of the restaurant which was immediately proceeded by the members of two different large tables rising from their chairs and yelling obscenities at each other.  It literally looked like there was going to be a brawl.  The members of these tables fairly quickly left the restaurant; however, the staff and manager simply acted as if nothing had happened.  No one came by to see if things had spilled on our table which was run into.  It was absolutely not the experience we expected to have, and it is a disappointment that this place has gone downhill.
Paid $1100 for the required course - party of 6 - and unfortunately did not come close to feeling satisfied in any regard - sorry guys - not a fan and way overpriced
Went there last night, great concept, good looking food ... Tasteless and bland.
Worst restaurant I have eaten at in a very long time.  I do not understand why this place has any stars at all.They were out of basic sushi, like tuna etc.The servers were rude.Three of us were there for dinner on Wednesday, they brought out one persons meal, then after that person was done eating, they brought out the second persons meal, and then after that person was done eating, they brought out the last meal, (which was sushi, so should not have taken an hour).So each person had to eat their dinner while the other two watched.The sushi menu was stapled scraps of paper that looked like it was made by a kindergartner, and was very limited, missing even basic items, like salmon roll, tuna roll, eel roll, etc.  Salmon roe (Ikura) was dried out, so I didn't even eat it, and they only gave me a half portion.  (The Ikura can say a lot about a place.. it should be wet and firm, so they explode in your mouth when you apply pressure with your teeth.  If they are sticky, deflated, over-salted and mushy, they are no good, and the pace probably isn't either.) My brother got the pork ramen soup and said it was the worst he has ever eaten.. the noodles were pasty, the broth had WAY too much salt, etc.  He said it was worse than the packaged stuff.The place was also dirty, especially the bathrooms.It was a horrible experience in almost every way a place can be horrible.  There is no chance we will EVER go back!  Stay away from this place, FAR AWAY!
I love sushi and japanese food.  I was looking for a gem.  My wife and I tried Musashi and she got food poisoning from the teriyaki chicken.  My sushi was decent, but it did not make up for the chicken.  Obviously.  Granted this dinner was a few months ago, so hopefully they have improved.
Arrived, party of 6 on a Wednesday night. Host would not acknowledge our presence, wasted :30 mins of our time figuring out whether we could get a table or not.Terrible service.
Don't waste your time. Overpriced low quality hibachi. You can tell from the moment you walk in (cardboard handwritten signs screaming no return not responsible for food issues) that maybe you should turn around and leave. I however made the mistake of staying. I purchased the beef teriyaki combo (which was rung up wrong and had to be fixed after I waited for my food for 20 mins). The beef was over cooked and too lightly sauced, the rice was bland and carrots overcooked into mush. Not worth the stomach ache I had the rest of the day.
Horrible food.  I hate to rag this place but...The sushi is "mall-quality."  It's not horrible, but it's just C-level fish.The huge problem is the teppanyaki...just awful.  I ate there over the Christmas holidays.  I love this style of cooking and it's kinda hard to screw it up.  Here's how Kabuto managed:-  The chicken was so salty it was inedible.  I ate 3 bites and had a headache for the rest of the evening (and I like a lot of salt and seasoning).-  I also had a problem that neither the cook or the server questioned if there was a problem with the food since I hardly touched my chicken.  They probably didn't notice since...-  The cook just GLOPS piles of noodles and rice on your plate (and on the table) like he was slopping hogs!  Only a 3 year old could be comfortable eating here.  Just crap.-  I didn't say anything because my relatives have friends who work there.  If not for this, I'd have talked to the manager.  The food was awful and the presentation was worse.-  Our cook even screwed up the "onion volcano"...first time I've ever seen this botched.-  Kabutos wasn't always bad.  I used to eat there every few months back in the 90's (before I moved away).  It's really gone downhill.  They now serve mostly rice and (now) noodles, and only a few bites of vegetables...all of which are completely over-seasoned.  I honestly think the cook just doesn't know any better.
The japanese food here is nasty compare to other places in Charlotte. I've been here a couple of times with my co workers, but what really irks me about this place was the other week I was craving for Japanese food so I order a TO-GO plate to pick up for lunch. How about they charge a 15% TO-GO gratitude!!! You heard that right. I've never seen such a place charged you for tip when you aren't even sitting in there asking for service. My to go meal ended up being $16 bucks after taxes and tip. On top of that the fried rice was bland, its basically just cook in tons of butter. The meat were tasteless and dry and so were the veggies! They definately won't be getting my business again!!
If it were possible to give a restaurant a negative rating, this establishment would receive it.  My family and I have frequented Kabuto for years, but it has deteriorated so significantly we will never return.  The restaurant is run down, and not cleaned thoroughly.  On our trip tonight my four year old asked why it smelled bad when walking in the door.  The quality of the food has substantially gone down while the prices have increased.  The vegetables on the hibachi were not done at all, while the steak I ordered had a rancid taste.  When I complained the "owner" started raising her voice at me in front of my young daughter and three other family members screaming that she would not allow me to say the steak I had been served was spoiled.  There is a reason this restaurant is having to run specials on a large plastic sign out front, and why the last time we visited there was only one other table in the entire restaurant.  It is very sad to watch a once good local establishment run into the ground.
Biggest disappointment after years of eating at Kabuto. We sat at the front table and ordered sushi. While the hibachi area was packed we did not anticipate a long wait for sushi.   The server took our order and never came back.  We ordered a few rolls and they slowly started coming after a 45 minute wait. The manager apologized but very insincerely. I believe he is a sushi chef and certainly lacks management skills. The final roll came 50 minutes after we first ordered and it was wrong not once but twice.  Very disappointed and will be hesitant to go back - at least on a Sunday night with an inexperienced staff.
Average food. You can tell they use cheap steak and lobster. The sauces are not good and they are constantly rushing you. I literally had my soup and salad delivered within 30 seconds of each other. Then the chef comes out to rush us. The server is stuck constantly refilling tiny glasses and trying to rush us so we have room for hot food from the chef. The chef was entertaining but the food wasn't very good. Large portions of noodles and vegetables. I guess they want big portions to make up for poor quality. Doesn't work. Then the server comes out to rush us into boxing up our food. The very minute the chef is done! How about we get some time to eat and talk! Boxes were left at the table while we were still eating so that The server could return to constantly filling tiny glasses. We wanted to make sure the chef got tipped out, but came to find he splits them with the server... even. That is just wrong. The servers are running around hustling people through dinner so they can get the next table in.  The place cuts too many corners and rushes you through dinner. It's not very good. And they take advantage of the wait staff. Did I mention the hostesses were rude Find somewhere better to eat.
Very disappointing. Too expensive for what you get. They were just going through the motions without any emotion. Food had no flavor. A lot of veggies very little steak or chicken. My son and I ordered different chicken but both orders were prepared the same. Had to ask for more water. Still eating when take home boxes were brought out. I felt like I had wasted my hard earned money.
The Maricopa County Fair is an unadulterated money pit.  Everything costs a few bucks including parking, entrance, food, and rides.  Just about all of the food is fried, and there seems to be some sort of contest among fairs as to which fair has the most unusual fried food.  The rides are a few bucks a person.  A few bucks times a family is a lot of bucks, just to ride the Ferris Wheel.   You can get a wrist band, but that's only good for one person.  The shows are free, and the kids seem to enjoy them.  There was also an exhibition hall with photography and art contests winners, vendors, and scientific presentations from local schools.  One poster tried to convince me that the same gun could be presented in a manner that looked more dangerous or less dangerous, which I believe was meant to convince me that guns weren't dangerous, but just reminded me that I live in Maricopa County.  My favorite part was getting the shirt.  For some reason, I really liked the shirt.
Just came back from that festival. I don t want to be bad. We are from Europe. This is a real joke. Between charlemagne ( 8th century), the elephants, and the renaissance it is almost 600 years between!  You pay 20 dollars for what! Park your car maybe in rocks!.you must pay everything inside. 1 dol to 6 dol at least. Just for rides. Family of 6. It hurts!. + food(awfull) drinks( I am not sure they put any alcohol in the cocktails($6 each). Go once and never go back. Good luck!
We have always been a huge fan of the ren fair. But my family and I will not be attending until they stop having elephant rides. Elephants are intelligent animals that deserve better than being a "ride" or entertainment. Also when I kindly asked on their Facebook page I was blocked. Is that how you treat long time customers Stop the elephants an you will again have myself and family attending again.
Went to the GAP event on Sunday and was extremely disappointed. Most of the restaurants were chains or mediocre places that weren't offering any good food. The lines were out of control and the place was so packed with people I was constantly getting bumped and having to dodge strollers and rampant kids. Even though it was only $10 to get in, the prices for food and drink were so high that we ended up spending way more than we would have if we had just gone barhopping in downtown Scottsdale... which is what we ended up doing when we left.  Ironically the best food I had there was from Los Taquitos, which isn't even in Scottsdale, it's in Ahwatukee.Save your money.  Its not worth what you pay.
You pay $10 general admission - but after you get in, you pay much more in everything else for little return;(If  you're 21+ older - first WRISTBAND)With whatever you DOEATDRINK at the festival, you have to buy a money card. ALL food and beverage is deducted from the card, but even so, you only get 1-3 bitesswigs of anything that you buy - the cost is so disproportionate to what you get that I'm pretty sure that you're just paying for everything at regular prices if not more.For example, let's say you wanna get into the beer tasting are. We lined up to get into the beer area without having purchased the card yet, and they turned us away to yet another line (to get the card); We were a party of three, and the volunteer didn't know how to give us three separate cards.Then we throw $40 bucks onto the card, and it costs you $20 to get into the beer tasting area. Half the amount on the card was gone within a few minutes!For the beer tasting area (second WRISTBAND), there are two lines (kind of blending together), with a different person manning each line at the entrance. Nobody who works at the festival seemed to know how to organize, or what to tell people. We were told one thing at one line, but the guy who was manning our line had to double check with the guy manning the secondary line as to whether or not we were in the right line!Once you get into the area, you get this little 4oz cup that they fill for every beer tasting- which costs $1 ea. ON TOP of the $20 beer admission; I asked for tequila shots from the tequila area and were only about 1oz - for $1.Out of all the food tents that I went to - 1. the pizza was the most worth the money at $2 (Grimaldi's);2. they had super-dinky-mini-tacos, smaller than the palm of my hand, at $1 ea, 3. three little mini-buffalo chicken balls, about the size of ping pong balls, for $2;4. ONE braised short rib for $6 + three bites of calamarigreens for $4 (Tanzy's)We kept  adding money to our cards.Last but not least, I fell asleep on the lawn while sittin with my buddy in the shade; a non-uniformed cop came by and asked me to stand up; I was kind of wobbly and tired from having a few drinks, and he asked us to leave! Other than falling asleep, I was NOT doing anything disruptive to draw any attention whatsoever. They escorted us out...I was respectful. Been there, done that; once here was enough. The great thing though about coming here, was that I was able to spend some time with my peeps.
The customer service through CES has been going downhill for the last few years and they keep making the free-registration deadline earlier & earlier - Who's thinking about a trade show taking place in January in August  They are losing a lot of smaller companies who aren't willing to shill out the extra $500 to have passes - not to mention losing $$$ for the Las Vegas economy (has anyone noticed that there are less and less people each year)Hopefully they will get some staff on board who are nicer and more interested in getting all trades involved, not just the big names.
As others have noted, it's not a fair, it's a carnival.  I've always imagined State Fairs to be where people from the actual State get together and show off their produce, have pie contents, biggest pig, biggest tomato, talent contest, etc...  This is a bunch of private creepy carnival companies coming to town and milking you for everything you're worth.The games are stupid.  They're designed for you to lose, but so you don't feel bad, if you pay enough, most will guarantee a stuffed toy.  I'm sorry, if I want a guaranteed stuffed animal, I'll go to the store and pay market value for it.  Then they have their tricky ticket system, $5 get you 10 tickets, $20 gets you 40. So there's no benefit to buying bulk.  Each game is 7-10 tickets, and it's usually for only one try.  So you're literally paying $5 to try to throw a single ball into a random basket.  But you feel better because it's tickets instead of money, so you do it. The photo booths don't work, but they refuse to put "out of order" signs on them.  So we spent 20 minutes on a bunch of different booths that didn't work before getting our money back and leaving.  The food is probably the worst part.  Not only is it ridiculous prices, but it's also not food any more.  Fried burritos, fried burgers, fried ANYTHING.  There are places where you can't take a breath without getting a lung-full of fried.  The only good part was the Ferris wheel
Wow.  What can I say.  This experience was pretty bad.  First-- it's in a REALLY BAD neighborhood.  You can't feel safe at all, and this whole area needs 15 times the police that are walking around.Price:  Every time I turned around, someone wanted more money.  Sure, there were displays of canned fruit and Elementary school artwork that's free to see, but anything else, and the carnies want more money.  It would be a different thing, if they were cheap games with even cheaper prices, but they're not.  These are cheap games with spendy prices.  It's a groady, dirty, filthy place full of dirty, filthy workers that want me to hand over endless cash for their house-favored games.I'm proud to be an Arizona-born native, although I'm stunned that our politicians continue to declare that this annual event is a BENEFIT to the pride of the State of Arizona.  Did I mention that they want money the INSTANT you park your car  They also WANT money when you go in, they WANT money for ride tickets, and they WANT money for food---  am I leaving something out  I would expect that they will start charging to use the CLEAN bathrooms that haven't been installed yet.Please avoid this place, save your money, and don't feel like you're missing anything.P.S.  If you're going to a concert--- they will let you see it, once you've paid to get inside the park.  It will be in the coliseum where the seats were designed for 12-year-old girls.  Please don't expect that the seating was designed for actual, American men like John Wayne, who I heard was 6'4".  He would've never fit.  I'm also convinced that they won't spend the effort to correct this horrendously un-american flaw, and yet they will continue to expect your endless supply of $$$ money $$$.  Enjoy!
The first time we went to the fair *cough* glorified carnival *cough* was three years ago.  I felt like I was in the Twilight Zone.  We went for one of the free concerts but left early due to the amount of marijuana smoke in the section of the coliseum we were in, me being pregnant at the time.  We swore off the state fair and had not returned.  Sadly we promised our toddler a ride on the ferris wheel when the state fair came this year.  We figured we'd go fairly early and leave before dark. Some of the workers look like they are on a prison work-release program...we won't even discuss the general crowd that attends.   The food to us was subpar: "Super" nachos for $7 that consisted of the kind of chips you can buy in the store, covered with cheese and hamburger meat; everything else including sour cream, peppers, tomatoes, etc were at least a buck extra. All of the restrooms we used had no soap at all.  Interestingly, we went on opening day, and the blocks and mats in Toddler Town were filthy.  The fair had only been open for 4 hrs so I know the dirt was not from just that little time.  Lame animal exhibits, a "farm tour" that has just a few animals but dozens of rabbits for sale.  More profanity from the mouths of kids (some who looked all of 10 years old) everywhere we walked, than I hear in a month.  On the way out, a herd of tweens-teens ran through the crowd, chasing after some other kids, while screaming profanities.  We definitely will NOT be back.  We found a fair this summer in CA that was just awesome: clean, safe, and the best "fair-type" food we have ever had.    We'll plan to go there next summer.  I'm sad that this fair is supposed to represent the state of Arizona.
I've been to 4 different statecounty fairs in my life, all in different states, and this one is by far the worst. Not only is it $10 to get into this sad fair, but you have to pay $20 to park in some sketchy lot. Then you most likely will have to cross the 6-way intersection to get to the entrance, which seems like it takes eternity. The area where you purchase your tickets is very small and cramped.  I came during a busy time ($2 before 2pm day). There seemed to be no real defined lines, just a crowd of people fighting to get to the front. Once I got inside, it was just endless stands of deep fried food and games you can never win at.  There really is not much to do there.  I've been to fairs where there were petting zoos, barns full of animals, largest vegetable contests, antique entrees, and Elvis impersonators as well as other somewhat talented performers.The most exciting aspect of the fair was paying 25 cents to feed some ducks through a wire fence. However, HOWEVER, you are allowed to bring in your own food and drinks but if you don't, be prepared to fork over $9 for a beer, $3 for a bottle of water and $5 for one deep fried Oreo.  Good luck finding a water fountain, and if you do, it's probably out of order.
First time at this fair. We went on $2.00 day which was nice. I would have been upset paying $40.00 to get it this thing. The parking is a joke. We were in traffic and sat there and watched these people change the signs from $15.00 parking to $20.00 parking. I have never in my life seen such a thing. Then we had to pray we didn't get ran over by crossing the street. So we go to the vendor part which is my favorite of any fair. What a joke. No samples, hardly any demonstrations. So we walked around for a few and decided to  pass on all the expensive deep fried food and go eat at a nice place for cheaper. I think I'll stck with the Washington state fair in Puyallup.
Fair and expense go hand in hand, so the over priced everything didn't surprise me. Is it worth it Honestly, not unless you get an unlimited ride band. You'll spend more on the other days since you go through tickets fast! I checked online before attending to make sure my oldest daughter could go on rides. She could, but many of the rides marked as ok with an adult weren't when we got there. That was a minor annoyance. The rides were short, despite the fact there were literally no lines. It was opening day, on a Friday, and no lines I mean, that's fantastic, but also a sign that something may not be right. Staff was generally fantastic, but 30 seconds at best on a $6 ride was excessive. Now let's talk about the fight. I was in the area minutes before it happened and staff ended up telling us to stay put inside the coliseum during it... as it happened directly outside! I appreciate them keeping us safe and informed, but not a great experience. As a matter of fact, a few of the people getting arrested on the news ran through the building directly in front of us! Another reviewer said to leave before night,  and I wish I had that advice beforehand! It's absolutely not a safe place, which explains the heavy police presence all day. To top it all off, getting out after this fiasco was a literal nightmare! Would I come here again Absolutely not. There are plenty of other over-priced fairs in the state minus the late night thugs!
The Arizona State Fair has sadly been ruined.You shouldn't have to work at having a good time. It felt like my cash was hemorrhaging and that was just the beginning. I have been a fan for a very long time and never expected it to come to this. They have gone crazy when it comes to prices. I spent over $300.00 last night for 3 kids and myself. You would think that would have included tons of fun, but sadly it was not. The atmosphere is sad and monopolized by individuals who act nastyrude towards other guests of the fair. Sure you can come on wristband day, but then it's ridiculous lines of people for each ride. I purchased numerous ticket cards and two of them had to be reset. Are you kidding me!!!!!!! Hundreds of dollars on tickets and you can't even guarantee they are on the card. I hope they change the venue. It's self explanatory why this needs to happen. Also we saw the end part of the big fight and watched cops with a group of 50+ teens yellingwalking through the Fair grounds. One of the officers even had his tazer ready to use while escorting the suspects towards an exit. The Arizona State Fair is not safe at night or welcoming. Please please please change your venue. I'm sure the Fair is saving tons of money by using that venue. However, you would make a ton of money at Westworld or something like that.  Again 7 dollars for a 30 second ride or 5-6 dollars for a ten second game is wrong. No reasonable justification and no accuracy within your card readers. I have been to the Arizona State Fair more times then I can count. The price gouging that is going on needs to end and should even be illegal. I really hope they read these reviews and don't underestimate what is happening here. I can safely say that after this experience I will not be coming back to the fair. I have been a very loyal customer for over a decade, but it's just not worth it.
This was the first time my family and I made it to the fair. We will not be going back. Ridiculous prices for rides and games! We rode the Farris wheel 1st for 4 tickets each, thinking this would probably be the most expensive ride. We were very wrong! We had 5 in our party so it cost $10 for all of us to ride. We saw the next ride we wanted to go on, it was 14 tickets each rider! What! $7 per ride That is insane! We did not ride! Walked around for a long time, explaining over and over why we will not be riding on all the fun rides to our disappointed kids. As I looked around, I noticed there were no lines for rides; I guess we are not the only ones who won't ride. Once we got to the kids section we were in for a bigger disappointment! My daughter didn't quite make the height requirement so a parent had to ride with her, which is understandable. But, we then got charged for the adult to ride too! On top of that, these rides equated to around $3.50 each rider. So, for a little kiddy ride we paid over $10 for two children and a parent who didn't want to ride. Yes, that's over $10 for one ride! In closing, the Arizona State Fair was a huge disappointment, we could have gotten the kids into Disneyland for what we paid to ride a few kiddy rides.
Almost gave it two stars because the $12 fry bread was actually good.  Went on $2 admission day because I had to, since daughters were in a dance show.  I went ten years ago and vowed NEVER to come back.  $10 to park, $60 for six beers, $75 for two rides (the ferris wheel makes one round - how exciting for $8 per person!), $20 for 6 bottles of water and another $60 on food.  Disneyland ends up being cheaper and far better.  The place was packed with people that make walking around the Walmart at 19th Ave and Bethany Home look like a fashion show.   When it was time to leave after wasting 4 hours there, some meth head in the parking lot almost ran me over.  When I tell him to watch where he's going, I get some gang banger thug parking attendant turd in a yellow tshirt, yelling at me and telling me to keep walking!  Really  After I just paid his months wages inside the gates  I really hate this place.  NEVER again.
I was so excited to try the pupusas after reading the reviews, but all the hype didn't reflect my experience.....located in a bright blue building, it was very unassuming....we entered through the back into a dimly lit, but very clean dining area.  The menu sounded good and had photos of everything to make it easy to choose.  my daughter and We ordered the Plato Tipico to get an idea of what they had to offer.   The tamale smelled and tasted of funky fish (I think it was actually pork and potato) with under cooked masa, there were beef empanadas, deep fried hard things that I think were potato and the bean and cheese pupusas...everything tasted of the oil it was cooked in and was very bland.  The cabbage slaw accompaniment was of no help in adding flavor.  I also had the horchata which was very good.  We tried ordering a dessert, however after taking our order, the server came back several minutes later to tell us they were out so we ordered something else only to be told later they were out of that too.  Finally we ordered the pork, bean and cheese pupusas to give one more try...it was very cheesey but bland with an odd meat taste.  Overall a very disappointing experience.
horrible service..Ruined my family breakfast, I decided to give them another chance months later but I ordered to go because I didn't want to deal with the attitude, Only to get home and see the wrong order!! $18 for a wrong breakfast..
This place  that fuck  up  the. Food  without salt  and to fucken. Cold   And. The charger  ex for. To go  order  it's was  my favorite place but now they are so bad
Avoid this place at all cost.  I came based on the reviews but cleary not written but actual customers.  Place was empty on a Friday night and that's never a good sign.Ordered the carnitas burrito and it was bland, the meat over cooked and the rice was bad. Yuck!  That's what I thought.  Rest of the party ordered shrimp fajitas and carne asada plate and neither faired any better.  The pita bread that was supposed to be a tortillas I couldn't even eat it.  No chips and salsa to start with and the place was a little dirty.  Prices were about the only thing positive to write about.  If you want authentic Mexican food this isn't the place.
I have tried pupusas in California and the ones at this place was really disappointing and I get the feeling that people who rated the food here as good have just not had really good pupusas. I will never go back.
Been here a few times and it is usally good. We came here tonight and ordered Pupusas de revueltas and horchata. Well the hoechata was not the kind im used to (mexican style) and it was horrible to me. We asked the waitress for waters and she took offense to us not liking the drinks. We got past that. Our pupusas came our fairly quickly and were nice and hot. Too bad they were the wrong kind. We felt bad and didnt want to offend the lady again so we ate them. They gave us bean and cheese. I hate going to a place where you know there will be a language barrier and we came all the way across town from red rock area and we get the wrong food. We could have easily sent it back but it was hard enough to communicate the horchata ordeal. If you come here be sure to bring someone that speaks spanish or else theyll hardly talk to you and mess up your order.
No one speaks English.  Place is disgustingly dirty.  Service it terrible along with the food.  We had papusas which were good and quesdilla which was good. But I am afraid now for food poisoning.   We will never go back there again.And yes I was sick later that day From the food
Well this place is decent. The food was ok. I got the tamales but turn out they only have de "elote" I didn't liked them much. I messed up in what I got. But everyone else's plate was good.
Yelp made me put a star in the rating, but i really didn't want to...We arrived later on a Friday evening to find the place full. We asked the hostess if we could eat at the bar, and that was fine. We sat there looking at the menus for around 15 minutes, right in front of the bartender, who never once acknowledged us as two customers sitting there with nothing to drink. We waited a few more minutes and eventually left and went somewhere else to eat. Itts too bad because I have read a lot of good things about it. I dont think we will ever try again, but who knows....
First clue was when we heard the sound of the microwave in the kitchen. The homemade drinks were okay. The tamales were microwaved from frozen, so scorching hot difficult to tell the taste. The pupusas were fresh made and looked nice, but they had no true flavor. Had to add salt and their salsa to make edible. Not too bad for price - $2 each. If I were to go back and were stuck hungry in the area I would eat pupusas with salt & salsa, but I would hope that wouldnt happen....  Still $20 for two to eat wasted. The staff was friendly.
The food was fine. It's a chain. I'm not rating it. The service was absolutely horrible. It started well enough when we ordered lunch, but ended horribly when my daughter said we should get a treat for my husband. Between being ignored by the girl at the counter, her not listening to the order, then arguing with me when I told her I did not ask for what she brought me, I really can't decide which is worse. I rather spend my money somewhere local where they appreciate my business, rather than take attitude from Panera employees.
STAY AWAY...We've been 3 times over the past few years, each time we say "let's try it again" followed by "wish we'd done something else".Reminds me of the movie line "Run away, run very far away"Last nite after SteelersJets was last straw. I hope the owner or general manager reads this. And think the health department should too.Service is mediocre and slow. consistently. Waitress was ok in attitude.After our soup starter (good french onion soup) we waited and waited and waited and waited for our mains. Noticing us staring at her, waitress stopped by, went into kitchen, came back and said we were next. my watch said 8:31. Then her manager came by and argued with me and said we were next, then at 8:52pm the horrible food finally arrived. That's 21 minutes to be next. In that time we watched 4 tables turn from being seated to drinks to mains to check down while we waited for our main. Manager embarrassed himself. Said they were busy and working our food and he had checked and would come soon. I told him about the 4 tables turning and he said no they didn't. then I said I used to manage restaurants and know what customer service and ticket times are and he challenged me and said no I didn;t and I had no idea what I was talking about. What an idiot! First rule of restaurant business is the customer is always right.Then the food arrived. How hard is it to do chicken marsala with mushrooms, seriously It was two soggy fried chicken tenders from the deep fryer (not pan sauteed) over a bowl of bowtie pasta with shrooms and a sauce. While the sauce did have some marsala in it, it was full of sour cream and tasted like stroganoff and a little funny. The Penne ala vodka was sauteed canned tomatoes and no flavor. We were so hungry we ate most and left.1 hour later I was sick on the side of the road from the dinner and still feel really rough this morning.
My husband and I are Cubs fans and flew into Pittsburgh to see Friday and Saturday's Cubs-Pirates game this past weekend (77 & 8).  We got to PNC Park around 5 p.m. and since the gates weren't open we decided to sit and have some drinks before the game.  We stopped first at Atria's.  Although there was only one other table occupied outside, we were told if we weren't going to order food (just drink) we would have to give up our table if people, who were eating food needed it.  This was RIDICULOUS  to us so we left!  We were paying guests just like their other guests!!  Anyway we went a few businesses down and drank at Dominic's.  We went to Dominic's both nights and probably spent close to $100 AND did up getting FOOD.  Atria's better rethink how they treat guests....
Ugh, I hate this place.  People from work drag me here to lunch more often than I would like.  The food is overpriced.  The service is snotty and slow.  I can barely get free in under an hour-and-a-half.  The food is forgettable and the menu sparse.  They're terrible for pick-up too - even when you call way ahead, you're made to wait, and they're surly about taking care of you when you arrive for your food.  You can do better for lunch on the northshore pretty much anywhere.  Try SoHo or Finnegan's instead.
ok, i don't want to judge all atria's by this one. in fact, i wouldn't even judge this atria's solely by this one experience. but let me tell you, i was highly disappointed.i will point out the good parts of the night first. we arrived to see a band play. the entertainment was great, didn't cost extra (although there was a $20 minimum per person), and i liked the set up in the room where they played. also, the soup i got (crab bisque) was delicious!ok, now, for the rest of the experience. first of all, our service was AWFUL. i don't know our server's name, and i know some of the wait wasn't his fault, as there was a large party upstairs. but it took at least ten minutes to even order our drinks, another 15 before we even got them. ten more minutes before we could order our food, and after the meal, we must have waited at least 15 if not 20 minutes for our check before one of the members in our party finally had to go up to our waiter and complain. i saw him checking on other tables, and it didn't seem like he had many tables to keep him so busy. as a server, myself, i always give my servers the benefit of the doubt, but it really got to be too much. the one thing i will say for him though, was that he was very nice. but for how much we waited, we should have had something comped or at least got some sort of apology BEFORE we had to complain.the rest of the food and drinks were okay. good, but not enough to make up for the service. i had the berry mojito to drink and the greek salad to eat.i'd try another atria's before i'd go back to this one. but now i'm weary of the restaurant all together.
I came here on the Fourth of July after getting off of work. My friend and I stopped for one drink before the fireworks. Let's just say I will never return. I stood there for a good 15 minutes with maybe 5 people tops at the bar. The bartenders never once acknowledged me yet they did manage to make eye contact. They then all walked out from behind the bar and went outside. It took another ten minutes until finally the manager came over and served me. I am a bartender and I am appalled to see such people being employed at what seems like a decent place. I am a phenomenal tipper being that I am in the industry and sadly I didn't leave a single dollar. Hopefully they can learn from their mistakes instead of probably losing more potential customers.  What a shame.
After eating lunch several days a week at Atrias PNC Park restaurant for many years, I have finally decided that the price has just lost any relation to portionsquality and will not be dining there anytime in the near future.Gradually, over the past year, the prices have continued to increase to the point of being dinner menu prices for lunch size meals.  Recently, the portion size has significantly diminished, to the point of being almost comical today.The fish "special" today was BBQ salmon with asparagus.  It consisted of about 3oz of salmon and four spears of asparagus.  It actually looked ridiculous on the plate.  The specials used to have 5-6 oz of fish, included a decent portion of vegetables, and rice, all for a dollar or two less.  While a bit more than I wanted to spend for lunch, at least the quality and size of portion made some sense.  Today, I spent $15 plus tax and tip and left feeling like I had eaten an appetizer and still hungry.They have pushed it too far, I am no longer willing to waste my money at Atria's.  Too bad, we used to really enjoy lunch there.
I was meeting up with 3 other people there. But I was a few minutes late.  Because I wasn't there at the time,  they refused to seat the others.  Not even to just get drinks or an appetizer ordered.  So they left to go to some place that would serve them (Dominic's)  This place clearly couldn't be bothered to have our business,  which seems like an odd way to run an organization.  One star because we didn't get anything that we wanted.
When you walk into a buzzing restaurant, you'd expect to be greeted by someone, be that a server, a greeter or the bartender. I went in last night, stood around for almost 10 minutes, and was completely ignored. I was meeting a few friends, so I decided to walk across the street and grab a beer and make a reservation (using open table) for 45 minutes later.  Reservation confirmed, and beer finished, I walk back over, walk in to the place and someone's at the computer in the entryway on the phone. He finishes, we make eye contact, he nods and walks away. My friends come in, we wait 10 minutes for someone who works there to talk to us. I tell her we have reservations, she acts like it can't happen, and that it's my mistake, she says that the place is closed for a private party. I ask why there isn't a sign on the door saying 'closed for private party', and I get a ridiculous answer that the "CEO doesn't like us to do that". How dumb is that: you leave your system open to make reservations and you don't alert people that might be going to a show on the north shore that the place is closed. The fake sincerity is what really got me. You know what a 'private party' sign does It advertises that you are available for private parties, and would have given me an hour to figure out other arrangements.
I was here on a business dinner and it firmly seated itself as the absolute WORST place I've ever eaten at. -hair in the food-crab cakes were touted as amazing, in reality disgusting ice cream scoops of poor crab and mayonnaise -"risotto" uncooked and congealed to plate. -vegetables gummy and soaked in oil. Not properly prepped and served with woody stems. I was shocked this place turns a profit
The worst pulled pork sandwich I have ever had.    Their watermelon mixed drink was very good though.  I won't be returning.
Obviously, you aren't coming here because it is in any way cool, or because of the 80's decor. You got kids with you or others whose palette doesn't extend past burgers and fries. These limitations can be overlooked. What can't be forgiven, however, is the shabbiness of this place. It looks like it gets vacuumed once a week, and the bathrooms are disgusting.
Stopped for dinner there while traveling on business.  Greeted by a friendly hostess, seated and ignored.   After 25 minutes without a server, I left.  Will not recommend to anyone else passing through.  I don't know if all the wait staff didn't feel like serving one person because tips are smaller for one than a group or if they were just incompetent or just rude.  Extremely dissatisfied.
Went there on my first day in Pittsburg. Wasn't the best experience. My waitress was to busy talking to her coworkers that she couldn't even give us any sauces. The food was ok but nothing to great. When I go back to Pittsburg I will not be going there again!!!!
Absolutely horrible service, when we entered the hostess gave an audible sigh like we were inconveniencing her with our presence.  We were seated for over 10 minutes and never had a server come to even take drink orders.  Needless to say we left, and we will not be going back.
The food was just OK. Soggy french fries on a greasy cheese steak pattie.  The service was awful, noise, and not helpful for a newcomer to Primantis and Pittsburgh.
We ate at Primanti Bros based on the reviews on Yelp, hoping to get a real taste of Pittsburgh. What I ordered was a sandwich labeled Pittsburgher Cheese Steak. What I got was an inedible slab of overcooked mystery meat, cole slaw, and mediocre fries, on white bread. The sandwich was very small, but I only ate 12 of it anyway, and I have a pretty big appetite. I recently ate a 20 oz cheeseburger at a local burger joint.I was truly shocked. That was the worst meat that I have seen since Junior High School. We would have been much better off at Burger King. Luckily we had a nice lunch at Salim's to wash the taste of this junk of our mouths.
Worst sandwich on Earth.I'd rather eat a dead whore.Please...never come here.
oh primanti's, you always disappoint! how can so much food bear so little taste despite a brilliant premise (put all your edibles in the sandwich, leave your other hand free for the potables) the execution leaves much to be desired.1. these guys can never seem to cook their fries properly. they are always greasy on the outside, raw and mealy on the inside. don't think that just because they're INSIDE the sandwich doesn't mean you can get away with crappy fries.2. the bread. what the heck dudes if you're going to put 3 lbs of ingredients in the sandwich, try to use a bread that doesn't immediately turn into insipid play-doh in your hands.I like disgusting junk food as much as anyone (see my rave review of the O), but I wish the primanti's goons would put a little bit more effort into their sandwiches. seriously guys -- take some pride in your work and make something good for once. and check the thermostat on your fryolator already!
GROSS!!! Many people told me to go here and I was totally disappointed! It was bland, the coleslaw was too tangy (and only contained cabbage) and the meat was scary! Good thing it's super cheap. Do NOT get the cheese-steak sandwich if you go even though it says 2 best seller, it's awful! Okay on to service... Everyone seemed like they hated their job. Someone at my table asked for no tomatoes and add onions and of course she got tomatoes and no onions.Maybe I ordered the wrong thing and maybe they were all just having a bad day... Who knows.
Everyone knows that that if you go to Pittsburgh, you go to Primanti Bros. (My friends and I were in town for a PiratesPhillies game, and the PNC Park Primanti Bros was packed the entire game.) We visited the Market Square location, and if you eat on the patio, it's a fun place to hang out and drink some Iron City beers.  I got the Black Angus Sandwich. It was quite large, cut in half, and brought on a piece of wax paper. As it turned out, I'm pretty sure the wax paper would have tasted better. It was really, really, not good. I did eat the first half, but the bread was so tasteless, I thought maybe it would be better if I ate the other half piece by piece. The coleslaw was OK, but the french fries were awful, and the little bit of actual meat had little taste. We had little to no contact with employees, but a cab driver told us about a young couple who dared to ask for a sandwich at another Primanti Bros without coleslaw, and were treated really rudely. Because you know, people being rude is hilarious. So I guess if you want an authentic Pittsburgh experience then go here. But if you want actual decent food, avoid at all costs
My family always wanted to try Primanti. What a huge disappointment at the Anchor drive one. The pizza was served with a mound of burnt ashes on the bottom. Not a little, but teaspoons of it, all over. The ovens are not cleaned. I ordered the fish sandwich which came out cold, a soppy mess from the oil on the bread and a chunk of coleslaw core inedible. My sons was no better. The waitress saw we had taken only one bite and asked if we wanted to take home. We both said 'no way.' She didn't flinch and didn't care. I don't care to ever go back and will tell friends to avoid. In Philly, they'd be out of business in a heartbeat. It is also a dirty, noisy unkempt premises.
After sitting there and being ignored for 25 minutes we just left!
Clearly should have read a few reviews before going here. Whenever I go to these types of iconic regional dining establishments, I order the house specialty to best judge the place on its supposed merits. Since it was 11 in the morning, I chose not to order Primanti's 1 best seller, which the waitress told me was beer, but perhaps that would have made my experience better. As it was, I ordered the 2 best seller, the cheese steak. It was heinous. Think a grimy, mechanically separated Salisbury-style steak with a meager slice of provolone on sliced Italian bread served signature Primanti-style: with coleslaw, tomatoes, and fries.First, the steak was disgusting: terrible flavor (smelled and tasted like hippie armpit, which I'm not necessarily opposed to as long as it's not involved in something I'm trying to eat) with a gross, processed meat texture. Secondly, the fries easily overwhelmed the sandwich, with their old fryer grease taste. Additionally, the sandwich was unwieldy and threatening to fall apart at every turn--a trait I don't hold against decent-tasting sandwiches, but this lack of structural integrity just added insult to injury. My dining partners were equally disgusted by their choices: corned beef and ham & cheese sandwiches, respectively. Easily the best part of the meal was the Smallman Street Fries, and those were equally lack-luster. The "bacon" was simply bacon bits (oh, the humanity!), the chili was uninspired, and the cheese sauce and sour cream did little but soggy the fries. (Did I mention they tasted like old fryer grease)  I will never go back and I will immediately disregard the culinary opinions of anyone who thinks Primanti Bros. produces decent food.
Wildly overrated.  I compare it to Pat's and Geno's in Philly, good when your drunk, but only when your drunk.I went to Pitt for 4 years and I have to say I never understood the Primantis hype.  I dont know how you get famous for putting fries on a sandwich when the fries suck.  They are soggy and tasteless, maybe the worst I've ever had.  I will say the coleslaw is pretty good, and I'm not usually a coleslaw guy, but it doesnt make up for all the other shortcomings.  Half the sandwich falls out while your eating.  The "cheesesteak" might be the most tasteless sandwich ever.  You have to use a whole bottle of hot sauce just to get a little flavor.  Primantis sucks...go to Fatheads on the Southside or Uncle Sam's in Oakland.
I found a short black curly hair in my basket of fries... and it was definitely not mine.Needless to say, this completely ruined my meal. Thanks to Peppi's, I won't be eating anything that isn't ready-to-eat as is (like fruit) for the next few days.Not only does the shop LOOK grimey, it IS grimey... Completely disgusted.
Yuck I have avoided this Subway like the plague. It's too bad that this location is the most conveniently on the way to my job.  I literally walk past this Subway 5 times a week.  Even at 1:15pm it's never packed there for lunch and the reason why is  because their sandwiches stink. When I say gross I mean that the standards for food are as low as the standards for cleaning. The attitude of the workers here is just pitiful. The don't care about making a good sandwich nor do they care about keeping the place clean. What a wreck. As some one who eats at Subway 3 times a week I feel entitled to my opinion, avoid this subway.
I really don't know how this place got any good reviews. One big problem is that the place is dirty, the carpets, the lighting above the tables and the furniture. I have tried this place 5 times in the past 2 years and this is how it went. The 1st time I had a burger which tasted funny and I didn't finish it. I got food poisoning and was so sick. This I thought might have been a stomach flu so I did try this place again. The 2nd time I was with some friends from the neighborhood and 35 of us had the spaghetti and meatballs and we got food poisoning.Now I'm thinking that they have a hygiene problem with the ground meat. I was going to stay away from the place but a friend from Troy hill liked to stop there because it was close to her home. No problem,next time I got french fries with gravy. How could this be a problem.When they got to the table they had put cold canned gravy on my fries.When I told the waitress about it she took it back to the kitchen and microwaved it till it was the heat of lava. Needless to say I refused to pay for them. The 4th time my friend dragged me there, I had a salad. I didn't get sick but it wasn't anything special with bagged salad mix and a couple of under ripe tomato pieces and cucumber. The last time I only got a slice of pie and this was good. I no longer have to go to Billy's, my dear friend has passed away and I refuse to go anywhere near the place. To the owner-Please sell the restaurant, you obviously don't care for the place or know how to handle food safely.
i had thought this was going to be great really!!  had this on my TO DO list 4ever.  Finally went, on a monday. Menu indicates "MONDAY MADNESS 12 glasses of wine". (see rvws below - monDAY - not for an hour or so). so i ended up ordering 3 glasses of wine - bill: all full price!! Was told only after 3:30. is it just me A Happy Hr is usually 4-6 (or there-about) but monDAY is "DAY", as in during the DAY.  not a happy hr (or 2) special.  (rudely told: the web indicates this - {I never looked}, the inside blackboard says - {i was OUTside!} & inside the bill  folder- {umm, it was under a survey & AFTER my bill arrived})FLATbread was THICK, like reg. pizza, & had 12 cup of canned parm. cheese all over = can u say: dry, boring, mundanebread STICKS were huge, thick, doughy things  - my kids make ones from pillsbery dough which tasted same.  These were size of croissants, certainly not sticks - never seen any breadsticks that remotely resemble these in my life.  Should be called Pilsbery Dough Plate Special - i swear that's exactly what it was.I seriously hate to provide a review like this, not to mention a confrontation which ensued when my bill arrived, but it was awful.  I could write many more upsetting details which occurred, but i won't - it would be petty.  Suffice to say I couldn't seriously think on going back.(i should  point out that eventually i did recieve the 3 glasses at 12 off, but the bill did not reflect any break on the 'flatbread' not 'breadsticks')
I really wanted to like Uncorked as it is close to where I live and work and it is very cute! However, with the exception of the owner Ali, the service is not good. I have visited Uncorked 2 times in less than a month and had less than acceptable service by the staff. The last time, the waitress was down right rude to my guest and although the waitress comped our wine, it didn't make up for her terrible attitude. I think if the staff turned over, that this could be a great little local spot, but until then, I'm not heading back.
So, just to provide an update one month later...After writing my review of Uncorked, I was promptly contacted by Ali, the owner of the wine bar. As a good business owner would do, she politely inquired about what had happened and indicated that she wanted to rectify the situation so that I would return.Within a week, I responded with a lengthy description of my two prior visits. Since then....crickets....nada...no response indicating that my concerns have unfortunately fallen on deaf ears.As I said in my original review, I really wanted to like this little neighborhood wine bar, but clearly they just don't get the importance of customer service and word of mouth. Bummer....
It would be a real kindness if someone would come along and put Uncorked, "the unpretentious wine bar"  out of its misery. I think despondent would be a better word for it these days rather than unpretentious. It opened in the heyday of rising real estate values and hasn't changed a bit since. The prices are still high and the furnishings - untouched - are hitting a new low. But what has really bottomed out is the kitchen.Four of us arrived for lunch at 12:30. The place was empty, and stayed so except for one other party of two. When we sat down, Ralph started to disappear under the table. The banquette had become unsprung. The laminate tabletop was peeling off in chunks. There was a sign on our table advertising summer specials. I'm wondering now why we stayed.Ken and Ralph ordered the soup of the day ($ 5), which our waitress said was chicken and corn chowder. I asked for a pulled pork sandwich ($10) and mac & cheese($9), which I was going to share with Ken. Ralph also wanted the pulled pork, and Sandy ordered a chicken salad sandwich ($9). The sandwiches are served with a side of 5 grapes!!. A bag of chips cost an extra dollar. A side salad is an additional $2.50.Sandy asked for a salad with a sesame dressing. The dressing that was served was an unidentifiable oil mixed with a touch of sesame oil - no vinegar or seasoning. It was awful. When she asked to exchange it for honey vinaigrette, she was served something orange flavored instead. The chowder contained no milk or cream. The bread onSandy's sandwich was inedibly stale. But the biggest gaffe of all was the pulled pork. Both sandwiches arrived at the table stone cold. Like just out of the refrigerator cold. The person in the kitchen, I wouldn't call him chef, couldn't even bring himself to put them in the microwave (which is a sin anyway). Ken, who is a bit of a conspiracy theorist, thinks that the kitchen staff is trying to sabotage the operation. Could be, except for letting a good mac & cheese slip out of the kitchen undetected, they're certainly succeeding.
My mother lives in this community, so I've eaten here a bunch of times.  This time was no different.  The food is solid, not spectacular, and the service is predictably bad.  Details of this last Sunday lunch:  Ambiance:  Beautiful views of water, ducks, golf course and mountains.  Nice, bright interior.  Comfortable chairs.  A good place for breakfast, lunch or brunch.  Service:  Server showed littleno personality, but that's not her job.  She was quick on the water (my glass was soapy) at first, but never stopped by to refill a single drink during the entire meal.  She really fell apart as the meal went along.  Before I discuss the food, it took 40 minutes after we ordered to receive our food.  (This is typical of every time I've been here.  DO NOT COME HERE IN A RUSH.)  This is acceptable for a fine dining restaurant, but not a cafe-style eatery.  Food:  My salmonblackberry salad was perfectly prepared and delicious.  My kids grilled chicken caesar was overcooked and completely dried out.  My gf's fishchips seemed ok.  My other kid got the angus sliders (ordered without cheese).  The homemade potato chips were, and are always excellent. Service again:  However, I could see something yellow on my daughter's burgers from across the table and got a closer look.  The chefcook had prepared them with cheese but someone noticed his mistake.  Instead of remaking them, they tried to pull the melted cheese off the meat and grilled onions (obviously failing).  When I pointed this out to the server and chef, I was asked "you're already getting a discount, what do you want me to do about it"  This is a direct quote from yesterday.  I had purchased a coupon from restaurant.com (work perk - which rhymes, lol) and she was giving me crap for the coupon.  In the end, the sliders were taken off the ticket.  This experience is no different than every other time I've been here.  I keep trying because my mother lives in the community and it's convenient and beautiful.  However, nothing has improved here in the three years I've been here (5-7 visits).  Food is 3-star, service is 2-star.  Prices are low, but not low enough for the frustration of every single visit.
Unfortunately I have not had good experiences at Two Thin Laddies. I have been here several times for both food and coffee. Just the other day I stopped in for a mocha for takeaway and it was the worst coffee I've had in a long time. The service wasn't good (I was standing at the counter without any acknowledgement from the staff and then he didn't know how to make the mocha once I'd ordered). The food is basic and has no presentation to it at all. Even though it is handily open early in the morning I'll be skipping it from now on. Its a shame because I had heard good things about it in the past.
I recently went back to Two Thin Laddies and discovered they had changed owners.  Unfortunately not for the best.  The coffee, which was already bad, is even worse than before; the food is bland, of poor quality, and the service slow and rude.  I don't understand how they can expect to run a successful business with such low standards.  In any case, I sure won't go back.  There are plenty better cafes in the area!
This place keeps changing owners, so I thought I'd give it another shot.  Saying that it's even worse than before is a bit of an understatement.  Service was non existent, they didn't have most of the things on the menu, latte was more like a warm milk. There are far better coffee shops in Tollcross.  Won't be going back.
If I could give this place less than one star, I would. I have no idea who gave this place high reviews but they must either own the place or be time travelers from back in the day when this place might not have sucked. The decor is tired and grimy, the place reeked of smoke, and the bartenderserver was surly, to put it mildly. We went there on a Saturday night with a mind to try the Irish food. Apparently, we were out of luck. I've always thought that the secrets of restaurant success is to actually stock food for people to eat. He told us before we ordered that they had no "pies". No chicken pot pie, no shepherds pie, etc. So, we gamely tried to order other things. We placed our order. My wife, for example, ordered the Irish stew and he came back 5 min later telling us they were out of that and even more things for several people in our party. At that point my wife picked out a third option, ham and cabbage, only to be told again that "they were out". At that point, realizing that the only food to be had in the place was what was crusted on the menus, we asked to pay for our drinks and left. They actually then gave us flack for not having enough to put it on a debit card. In short, unless you like your dinner with a side of disappointment and depression, I'd probably avoid this place like the plague. Speaking of the plague, I suppose we should thank Mr. Surly for inspiring us to walk out. I only have two bathrooms at my house and would've been hard pressed to accommodate several violently ill people at once.
He was incredibly sexisthomophobic. He could barely play the piano and when we finally recognized a song we could actually dance to he literally asked me to get off stage because he didn't like another on stage who could actually dance with the girls.
Before today I probably would have given this place three stars based mostly on their beer selection; however, today the service was terrible. We waited two hours for a pizza sub, French onion soup, fries, and buffalo chicken tenders. About an hour and a half in we finally got the small pizza sub and the wrongly made buffalo chicken tenders (ie, no hot sauce). We were told by the waitress that she realized it was wrong, but decided to still bring it out to see if my gf would eat it. She sent it back. By a half hour later, we still had not received the buffalo chicken tenders, nor the French onion soup (which should have been mostly made already), and no fries.  We were told the chef was new, but no effort was made really to make the situation better. No quick and easy app or beers on the house. To boot, the beer was pretty expensive. I will probably give the place another chance based on their beer selection, but it won't be for a while. The food has always been average at best, and the pizza sub was no different. We ended up leaving after two hours without receiving 75% of our order.
My friends & I all purchased Groupons  for the Pittsburgh Improv on or around March 22nd, 2012. At that time, only a few big name comedians were listed on the Improv's website as Special Events. You can use the Groupon on anything that isn't a Special Event. That seemd reasonable. The day the Groupons were purchased, my friend Katrina called & reserved two tickets to Jim Jeffries for 330 at 10pm. They allowed her to use her Groupon & gave her a confirmation code & everything! Shortly after, they changed many of the comedians on their website, including Jim Jeffries, to Special Events. When I called I was told I could not use my Groupon. The same thing happened to many of my friends. It's a classic bait & switch. These comedians were NOT Special Events until after the Groupon came out. In addition, other restrictions, such not being able to use the Groupons on Saturdays & having to use the additional four vouchers for one show, were NOT listed under the restrictions when the Groupon was for sale. So tonight, my friends & I had pretty much resolved ourselves to the fact that we were not going to the Improv because they wouldn't allow us to use our Groupons. But I walked over to the Will Call window with my friend Katrina so she could at least get her tickets. Big surprise - she was told they didn't have her reservation or her name in their computers! They wouldn't give her the tickets. It's an absolute joke of a deal. How is everyone going to use their Groupons by Sept. if all of the shows are Special Events now In addition, no one at the Improv answers the phones or responds to emails. My friends & I (about 10 of us total) are all getting refunds through Groupon andor our credit card companies & we are all reporting the Improv to the Better Business Bureau, etc. The Pittsburgh Improv is extremely shady & does not care about their customers.
It isn't often that my wife and I get to go out, but we had tickets to see the WONDERFUL Lisa Landry and figured since we were going to the Improv, we may as well eat there too. I should have gotten on here and read the reviews before making that decision. We had what seems to be a typical experience at the improv. We were handed a paper menu with 4 items on it when we walked in the door. There was no other menu at the table and our waitress didn't offer us one either. She wanted our order, but as we were looking around the place, we realized that most of those around us were eating items that not on the menu provided to us. When asked about another menu, our waitress told us if we give her our drink order, she'll see what she can do. The table next to us handed over their menus so we had something to work with. Our drinks came, we finally put our orders in...and that was the last time we saw our waitress for almost a full 30 minutes. When she finally came back, all she wanted was to know if we wanted a 2nd round of drinks. After 30 minutes I was finally going to get a second beer! "What about our food", we asked. "Oh", was her answer. Now, according to the menu, dinner came with a side salad, a complimentary glass of champagne, and a chocolate mousse dessert. That's all good and fine. After a couple of minutes, someone, not our waitress, finally brought out our meals. When we asked him about our salads, his reply was "do you want me to take your food back". Really!! "Do you want me to take your food back" After almost 45 minutes at this point, we had received 1 round of drinks and had seen our waitress only twice and had just received our food. No, I don't want you to take our food back! Halfway through eating our meals, which were by this time cold, our waitress finally came back with our second beers. She asked us how everything was. We asked about our salads. She said she was told we didn't want them. REALLY!! Is this a joke Is it somehow part of the comedy routine that was going on Sadly, no. The service didn't get any better. The food was lousy. Thankfully the standup was great. Lisa, Lisa and Matt all put on a hilarious show. Will I ever go back Don't know. It took us an hour and a half to drive the 16 miles to get there, thanks to traffic. I do know that if we do it again, we will leave the house much earlier and eat somewhere else. The two drink minimum works at the improv because you will not get your waitress to your table more than that to order more drinks. In case you're interested, I am a chef who has been in the service industry for more than 30 years and worked every position possible in restaurants and bars. So, yes, I do have a preconceived notion as to how service and food should be. Even on Valentine's Day.
The words "epic fail" get thrown around a lot these days....but I really feel like they apply in this situation.We went on Friday, April 2 and arrived at 5:10pm.  It was busy, but not crowded....no waiting for a table.  Half price apps and drinks -- we ordered at 5:20.The food (just appetizers, mind you...) didn't arrive till almost 6pm.  Drinks were ordered and were unbelievably slow.  We placed one order for 6 draft beers at 6:15...they arrived at 6:52.  *37 minutes for beer.*By 7:00, we were canceling food orders which we'd given up on after waiting almost an hour.  We just wanted to leave.Instead of comping anything, they added 18% gratuity to each of our bills.  Uhhhh yeah.  Thanks for giving me one more reason never to come back.   We finally were able to leave around 7:30.Bar Louie:  You are dead to me.
We were going to see a movie that started at 9:40pm. The 2 of us got to Bar Louie at 8:30.  We sat outside, and it was nearly 30 minutes before the waiter even stopped to get our order.  I tried stopping a waitress but was told 'this isn't my table'.  Finally the waiter took our order.  1 Sam Adams light bottle, and one Pineapple Juice+Vodka.  After about 15minutes another waiter (maybe the manager I don't know) asked if we had been waited on. We said yes, and told him we had been waiting.  He left, and another (different) waitress came to bring us our drinks.. they were wrong.. My date was given vodka on the rocks. and I was given a Sam Adams.. They took these back, and another 10 minutes before the correct order was served.. We told them to bring another round and the check.  It was 20 minutes before they returned.. and they forgot the check.By this time we had to go to be on time for the movie.. my date asked for the check again so we could leave.. finally they brought it and I gave him my card, when he came back we signed it and left in a hurry to catch the movie.for 2 bottle beers, and 2 pineapple juice + vodka I was charged $31.03. I didn't have time to complain or ask. I won't be going back.
When the ratio to wait staff to diners is 3:1 you'd think you could get service!!!Nothing erks me more then seeing idol wait staff and hungry patrons. I very rarely walk out of a restaurant with out having eaten first. I came here on Saturday ay 6pm. Almost none of the diners had food on their table and many of them didn't have drinks in the 15 minutes I was there I counted 9 waitress again I counted 9 waitresses and not a one of them came over to our table to get even a drink order. Just from the looks of it I could tell staying any longer would be a total train wreck. So after 15 minutes of waitress counting we left with empty bellies.
I was looking to get out of the apartment on a really nice, sunny day and we decided to drive to Waterfront and walk around. All around great day until we hit Bar Louie for some drinks and appetizers.I am giving it one star, though it deserves none, because our waitress was nice, if a bit inattentive, and the hummus app we ordered was pretty damn good. Outside of that Bar Louie leaves a lot to be desired.This is probably the first place I've been to where they charge $10 and up for all mixed drinks. To me, that is beyond ridiculous. Bar Louie is not an upscale restaurant, as much as they wish they were, and paying almost $60 for three drinks and two appetizers is insanity defined. As I mentioned the waitress was friendly, but she definitely did not come back and check on us enough. I really wanted to like this place because of things I had heard and the drinks we had were really damn good, but if it want to spend that kind of money, I'll go somewhere that I can get good service.
I came here last night to get a few appetizers before a movie, and was hoping to be able to write a review on the food. Unfortunately, I cannot because the service was so bad that I left before I had the chance to order. We found seats at the bar behind the taps. After sitting there for 5 minutes and not being acknowledged, we thought that they might not be able to see us, and so we moved to a different pair of seats in the middle of the bar, grabbing a few menus on the way so we would be ready to order. It was fairly busy, but it is not like there were people standing at the bar trying to get drinks - everyone was seated and I'm sure they face much busier times. We sat in our new seats for almost 15 minutes (I timed it - I am not exaggerating), and were not even acknowledged. You would at least think the bartender would acknowledge us and tell us he would be with us when he could, but despite staring him down almost the whole time, we could not even make eye contact. I hope this is a fluke but will probably not be back to find out.
The absolute worst service I have ever had at any bar or restaraunt.  And, in looking at other reviews, I am not the first.  There are many options at the Waterfront, and I would suggest you try any of them; but stay far away from this place!
Servers are chatting, not paying attention to tables. I can see my salad is ready at the window. Worst serves ever.
Meh, I just don't see the appeal Bar Louis has to Pittsburghers. I guess this particular restaurant benefits from people who work at the Waterfront stopping in after a shift. It's always packed. Being so close to the AMC theater, they get traffic before and after movies. It's expensive, the food is so so. Before I get ahead of myself, I had the BBQ ranch chicken salad without chicken. The BBQ ranch dressing was very good, but it's very easy to duplicate at home. It's equal parts ranch dressing and KC Masterpiece hickory BBQ sauce and a drop or two of Worcestershire and a drop of franks hot sauce. Tuesday is dollar burgers 5 until midnight, daily drink and happy hour selections, but even that's not enough to get me here. Skip it. One caveat for this location, free parking. At Station Square's location you gotta pay to park the jalopy.I'm eager to see if this place sees a huge drop in business when Burgatory opens across the street.
We stopped here to enjoy a drink before our movie. Our server, was friendly. My husband had a margarita and my server suggested a berry mojito to me.Both drinks were overly sweet and barely any alcohol.  After I finished my drink, I used my fork to dig for the blackberries at the bottom only to find (to my disgust), a decent sized piece of clear saran wrap! Ugg! Did they muddle the mint into the saran wrap!!! She comped the drink but we won't be back.Can't speak about the food since we didn't have any but atmosphere was loud and it was difficult to have a conversation without repeating yourself.
I can't even review this place. We sat ourselves and waited for a waitress to take our order, and we waited and waited until we got tired and just left. And I have to be clear it was a Saturday afternoon, maybe like 10 tables with people at them and I saw 3 waitress walking around. I think it's probably a bad idea to ignore people that come into your restaurant, especially since burgatory just opened across the street.
Boo!  What happened to this location  It used to be happy and fun!  It just feels depressing and nearly everyone there is just doing the bare minimum to get by  So sad.
The only thing worthwhile about this restaurant are the beautiful views of Edinburgh.  I was so excited to eat at this place.  Unfortunately, it was our last night in Edinburgh, we were saving this as a special farewell treat.  We should have saved our money.  The food was mediocre at best.  The staff was attentive, but this doesn't count for anything when they can't serve food to equal service.
Ugh!  Husband and I tried this place on vacation, it looked promising when we first arrived.  We ordered cokes although they were really pushing the wine.  Husband had a tomato salad which came quickly and he enjoyed.  His main course was pea soup, I ordered eggs benedict (it sounded good because I had skipped breakfast).  It didn't come, and it didn't come, and our waiter was nowhere to be seen. After 40 minutes husband flagged down another server to check on our food and, voila!, it came right away.  He said his soup was mediocre at best, while my eggs Benny was terrible, the eggs were barely poached, still runny whites even, and the meat texture reminded me of jerky, and the whole thing had a really sour taste.  This is the worst meal we have had since arriving in Scotland.  Very disappointing!
Four out of four people at our table had mistakes made with their food. Some were easy to amend (picking off onions, etc), some were not (burger slathered in undesirable sauce). Remedy took a while and everyone else was finished or nearly so by the time I got my corrected burger. One more umbrella on the outside patio would not go amiss either. Small selection on the menu. I'll give it another shot once they are more established, but not impressed thus far.
Total let down.  None of the charm of the one on Camelback. Not sure if the people who work here have ever even been to the original to understand what is all about.  Seems like every other Scottdale joint.  Yuppy, played out and lame.
Overpriced! My wife got a regular salad with nothing on it for $8.00. We will not be coming back.
Was not impressed. Don't come here if you are trying to watch a game. Came to watch a playoff game and couldnt even see a tv. The Gila monster was disgusting. Didn't even taste like anything. Not worth the $9. Also the pretzel platter was nothing special.
I driven by this place a few times, saying to myself, I gotta try it!I finally had the opportunity to & i was brutally disappointed!  I went during the lunch hour. Had an OK crowd inside. On the menu Board, it says "try it, you'll love it" So i did. I paid almost $7.00 for my steak sandwich. It didn't take that long to cook. (that part I was impressed.) When I got my sandwich, it was a skinny little thing. I took my first bite & the sweet peppers were cold. I usually like to eat the whole sandwich, but I had to leave pieces of bread behind because they were, just that, bread!I've had steak sandwiches before (in philly) & they are soooo good. Nothing compares to it! but if your craving one, don't come here. Go to the other place that starts with a "C"
Went there for lunch today 3213.  Business hours posted said they closed at 4PM on Saturday's.  Then why the hell were they close at 350PM   I will never visit this establisment again.
Not sure I will be coming back here ever.  Yuck all around.  I Dare say McDonalds might be better.
Would give less starts if available. Was DISGUSTED from pulling into the parking lot  to walking out.  Parking lot & outside appearance is dirty, run down looking. Restroom was filthy, old, graffiti, unsanitary but that's not the worst part.  An employee was smoking in the restroom while using the stall! As a non smoker walking into a tiny smoke filled restroom is the worst. Also the employee did NOT wash his hands for the state mandated time.  Would have complained to the manager but had no idea who they were. The counter person acted as if they did not want to help me. I told her I had never been there before & didn't know what they had. Her only response was 'ok'.  Was only 7 people in the place & it took an unnecessarily long time to get my food. Almost every table was dirty. Had to clean off my own table. Drinks station was filthy & didn't work properly.  Fries were limp, bland, gross. Burger bun smelled like fish. Had to remove it.  I didn't want to spend any second longer than I needed to in that place so didn't complain to anyone. Not like it would have done any good. The employees seem like they are being tortured by working there.  How is place even still in businessDo Not go to steakenburger! Do NOT go to steakenburger!
McDonalds has burgers with more flavor then this place...  Literally no taste to it... And the "bacon" looked more like bits of vomit... Graphic yes but that's all that could come to mind after attempting to eat this thing. Just say no.... Trust me your off going to McDonalds, Burger King... Or Wendy's and Ordering from the $1 menu.
I had to run out of the office to fill my gas tank and across the street was The Original Hoagie Shop. I decided to give them a try since it was convenient. I even quickly checked their Yelp rating and saw the 4 star rating, so I felt it was a safe bet.The place was quite small and a bit dingy feeling. I didn't smell anything, which was surprising. I guess I was expecting to smell either baked bread, or the spices from the different hot sandwiches they offer, or something. I wanted to leave but felt I didn't have much time to go elsewhere so I stayed and ordered the cheese steak sandwich. Most places that offer cheese steak sandwiches usually have onions so I was surprised to find out I would need to add them on. I paid and waited...and waited...and waited. Finally! I got my sandwich and I headed back to work since I was running behind now.When I got back to work is when I realized they charged me extra for mushrooms but they didn't bother to let me know there would be an up charge for it. The total came to $8.18, I thought whatever, as long as it tastes good I'll be fine with it. I was very disappointed. The sandwich was absolutely flavorless! No tomato, or lettuce, no mayo, or malt vinegar, nothing was on it. It was just cooked chopped meat, with a little bit of onions, a few mushrooms pieces, and some cheese. This was not worth the money, not even close. I am so disappointed I wasted my money...I definitely won't be back, I didn't think it was worth the $8 bucks by any means. I would suggest going to Forefather's Cheese Steaks off of Priest and Warner. They're flavorful, they have lots of options to choose from, very clean place with happy staff. For the price I paid for JUST a sandwich by itself I could have gotten a sandwich, fries, and a drink at Forefathers. How sad is that!
This place is not what it's cracked up to what it USED to be. The sandwiches (now) lack flavor and they charge an arm and a leg. I paid $18 for 2. The mushrooms are gross - straight from the can. I used to love this place, and would make my way to get there. Totally disappointed. Don't waste your time. One star because they're fast - go figure.
this place has good food but horrible service, they do not write down the order, they do no repeat your order to make sure it is correct.  they make you wait in the heat till they are done with what they are doing. there very expensive for being fast food - they charge you for everything, they have no "meals" but they make you purchase the fries when you didn't ask for it...not fair that is why the place is empty, people will try it once and never go back!!!
Wow how dare this place have the nerve to call themselves a Philly cheese steak place!!!!! I WOULD NEVER EVER EVER EVER EVER GO BACK HERE!!!!!!!!!! YUCK There "Philly steaks" are tasteless its like eating bread filled with wood horrible. I was so pissed off because by driving by it looks like a place that would have great food and its always busy, So i decided to try this place I felt ripped off it was way over priced for lousy food. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE, do not eat here if you like good food especially if your use to traditional Philly steaks!
I ate here before but will never eat here again. I should also note that my previous Yelp review of Pop's had been requested from Pop's! For a reward of  'FREE french fries' in which they did accept but that's just like cheating in my opinion. Where's the yelping officials on this oneAfter working on the pops cheese steak truck for one day I realized this is not a steak and cheese at all. It's frozen meat "NOT FRESH" and they precook lots of that frozen meat and let it sit in water until ready to reheat for you to eat.  sound good I think not. I won't get started on the sanitation of this place, pop's and pop's cheese steak truck must have it easy with the heatlh department because I don't even think he has soap on the truck for washing hands. If I were you and looking for a steak and cheese I would look up other alternatives like some of these new food trucks around town like the "Yellow Lunch Box Truck" or "Food Slingers" in which they both serve fresh meat and it's even fresh rib eye. For a lower price as well. The Vegas Villain
If you think this is an authentic Philly Cheese Steak, you have clearly never been to the city of brotherly love. The one star is for the bun, it actually was pretty good. All down hill from there.The "steak" which seemed to be just as quality as a SteakUm you would get in the frozen section at the grocery store, was greasy and lacked any kind of seasoning! The only flavor was from the onions. Definately not returning, not worth another try...: (
In the worst of times people often think of the best of times.  Rex is no exception.  Gather around kids and let Uncle Rex tell you a story...when Rex was a small child he spent many a month on the East Coast. It was a magical time.  My father, who beat young Rex mercilessly if Rex called him anything but "The Future Husband of the Multi Talented Pia Zadora", was originally from the Northeast.  My father was an odd man, a brutal man, a man with big dreams and small child like hands.  On my fifth birthday he brought Rex with him as he knocked over a 7-11.  As Rex helped him tie up the store clerk he let me pick any one thing Rex wanted in the store.  Young Rex wandered around the store, trying very hard to not step in the pools of blood, Rex saw the object he wanted...Rex turned and said "Future Husband of the Multi Talented Pia Zadora can Rex have THAT"  He nodded.  Rex kicked the 87 year old man laying on some of it...and picked it up. It was a bag with a delicious cheesesteak in it.  Rex danced. Rex smiled. Rex took the wallet of a crying soccer dad.  Rex was happy.  Rex and Future Husband of the Multi Talented Pia Zadora drove down the street, the sound of sirens in the distance fading...the smell of the cheesesteak wafting into Rex's young nasal passages.  A great cheesesteak is a gift from above.  A wallet filled with 20 dollar bills and an unused condom...icing on the cake.  After we divided the ill gotten booty, Future Husband of the Multi Talented Pia Zadora always took 70% (until I turned 9...but that is another story)...Rex ate his cheesesteak.  Perfect bread. Juicy shredded meat. Perfectly cooked onions. The right amount of whiz. Juice ran down Rex's chin. Juice ran down Rex's hands. Rex shook in delight. That memory, and the 8 months Rex spent on the run after Future Husband of the Multi Talented Pia Zadora ratted him out...will always be with him.Pops Philly Cheesesteak is not only an insult to that memory it is an insult to all things with meat, cheese, bread or even hot foods.  The front page of the their website has a picture of their pitiful attempt of a cheeesteak...one of one of their abominations has green pepper on it. GREEN PEPPER!!  Let me explain something to all of you who are not from Philly...IF there was a place in Philadelphia that put green bell peppers on their cheeseteak...THE CITIZENS WOULD BURN IT DOWN!!!  It is ABSOLUTLEY 100% NOT ALLOWED IN ANY PLACE IN PHILADELPHIA!! Even if asked they WILL NOT DO IT!  So, first and foremost this is NOT A PHILLY CHEESESTEAK PLACE!!! IT IS NOT! END OF STORY!Apologies. Rex passed out and needed a shot of "Happy Serum" to get up right again...what is "Happy Serum" you ask...heathen...it is 1 part gasoline, 1 part peach schnapps, 1 part wiper fluid. Anyway, now that we have established this is not a Philly cheesesteak, let's talk about it from a cheesesteak on it's own merits.  First, the rolls are good, the sad part is you can tell the bread is shipped frozen or frozen after it gets to Pops.  Big mistake. It really messes with the bread. It isn't bad, but again it isn't East Coast good.  Cheese...never enough. Never. If you get provolone instead of whiz it is almost non-existent. Shame on you for skimping on the cheese.  The Whiz isn't bad sometimes but more often than not there isn't enough.  The meat isn't bad. It is done well, with one BIG problem...it is often dry. Not enough oil or cooked and then recooked, whatever the reason it is not great.  If you get to Pops on the right day and get lucky, and order correctly, it isn't bad...but the overall consistency is not there.Lastly...the "Philly" part of the menu...the Tastycakes, the birch beer, the rest of it...all WAY TOO EXPENSIVE! At Glaziers Market you can get all the stuff for 15th of the price.  Here is my biggest problem...Pop's plays on East Coast memories and locals who don't know any better. That is the biggest crime. It isn't Philly. It isn't a great cheesesteak. It is over priced. It is inconsistent. It just isn't right. It just isn't good.  Most of you will never know better unless you go back east (and my next review for Pizza will tell you how to find GREAT east coast food), and they KNOW you don't know. Pop's has been a place I have tried off and on for almost 8 years.  Rex wants to love it. Rex needs to keep trying every 2 years or so...but much like when his father turned him into the cops at the tender age of 5...Rex is always hurt by Pops. Future Husband of the Multi Talented Pia Zadora and Pops...shame on you...you know better. Rex knows better. Rex deserves better. So does everyone else.
BLECK!they pre-cook there flavorless meat and veggies.... do i really have to say morethe "sandwich" tasted like one of those ones you take out of the freezer and put in the mircowave for 2 minutes....i barely would even consider there food edible if starving to death.just gross.and just a side note, it was 11 for the sub... you can get 2 subway footlongs for the same price and skip the chance of food poisoning
order the pork grinder (my favorite) .. only to be bone chunks and fat..guess i'll have to find another favorite
How do people think this is a real philly cheesesteak The meat has NO FLAVOR, the mushrooms are clearly out of a can and taste gross and have no flavor at all. Its in a shady location but it does have a legacy behind it. Its cool that its open 24 hours but it tastes SO BAD so who cares!. Tried the Italian ices and they tasted awful as well. Stay away from this place. Looks really dirty as well there are other places I would choose over this place for sure.
I came here expecting a hot and delicious Philly steak and received a chewy cold bread and cheese disaster. Cold cheese whiz. Nasty food and service.and very over-priced!!!
Their sandwiches reminds me of cafeteria food in Junior high school.   Best used for a food fight.  Save your money and go to chipotles next door.
As a fellow CheeseSteak Lover, I have to try it when I see it on the menu.Not a fan here.  First, if you want me to come back, Why do you nickel and dime me as a customer  That's just bad business.  $15 for my meal  It's fast food!Anyway, I'll sum it up...  No thanks.
Great Cheese Steak Hardly, try to sell this is Philly and you would have customers out the door in a heartbeat. First, a cheese-steak need to have substantial roll. This one sogged out, they should use the real thing which is available through Sysco. An Amoroso's roll can stand up to all the juice. Second, this wasn't prime rib-eye, I don't know what cut it was, but is was tasteless. So was the rubbery provolone cheese. And last, it wasn't CLEAN. Order the rolls on-line and get your butcher to slice you some rib-eye, homemade is better than anything I've gotten in Phoenix in years.
I was craving a cheese steak and went to this place yesterday. One cheese steak was almost 10 bucks and I didn't get fries or anything with it (maybe that was extra) the meat in the sandwich tastes just like that frozen steakum crap you get at the grocery store and it was dripping with grease. Yuck! One of the guys behind the counter was kind of an ass too. I will never eat there again!
I have been going to Corleone's for a few months now because I wanted to try several things on the menu before I judge the place. Being a fan of Philly Steaks I thought this place would be good by the classic look of the place. I got the tuesday night special where if you get 1 large sub for 10 bucks (without a drink of fries) you get a small one for free. It was interesting because I saw a lot of people order a large sub, and they weren't notified of the daily special. So I ordered the regular philly steak with a small hoagie.  He asked me if I wanted mushrooms or peppers on my philly steak, and i said yes, and I didint know that was an extra charge. The Philly Steak was mediocre at best. They use low quality meat, and overcook it. The bread could be a lot better.  The guy suggested I put oil and vinger on the small hoagie I got, and I know why because it sucked! Covering it with tons of oil and vinegar is not gonna do the job if it's bad to begin with.The only thing good here is the pizza and the fries. Stay away from everything else as it's also overpriced! $13 bucks for a philly steak combo are you kidding me Tell people about your specials, and stop penny pinching people for extra money. Tell me if peppers and mushrooms will be an extra charge. In my opinion if you are gonna eat this bad for this price it might as well be good!
I used to eat at Charley's for the Philly steaks until I tried Corleone's I fell in love with it. Until recently I requested mushrooms on my sub so upon eating the Philly I noticed they used CANNED mushrooms!!!!! Thats a disgrace to the original Philly!!! So I stopped going to Corleone's and went back to Charley's since they use fresh ingredients. Corleone's cost a lot more than Charley's however I'm not willing to pay more for canned ingredients, No Thanks!!!!
Would like to have rated the restaurant better, but unfortunately I cannot eat there as I am 5.2 miles away from Corleone's and there delivery radius is 5 miles. Nope, not kidding, called in for delivery, was asked for my address after a 2 minute wait, was put back on hold and the woman came back on the phone to tell me, "i am sorry, we dont deliver to your area". My response was, "uh, we are 10 minutes down the road, what is your delivery area" Her answer "the delivery area is 5 miles, you are outside of it."TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE, COMICAL REALLY.
Will NEVER be back.  Apparently rudeness is acceptable service.  My friend went in to pick up our pizza, watched the pizza jockey pull and stretch a pie trying to get it of the board and into the oven.  When the cashier was asked if that was our pizza, my friend was told "I'm not gonna tell you that" and refused to answer direct questions.  I guess they have enough business that they don't need my business now or in the future.
Long wait it took forever for them to come and take my order then it took forever for them to make the food they forgot the onions and no peppers this place isn't what it used to be :(
I'd like to give them no stars but I didn't have that option.  I ordered food for delivery once and they took an hour and a half.  They got lost and didn't bother calling me for directions even though I gave them my number specifically for that reason.  My food was cold and I didn't get my entire order.  They suck! Don't eat there.
I'm not sure what's wrong with the people who work here, but they seem to think it's funny to give you the opposite of what you order. I USED to be a somewhat regular customer, but not after my experience today. I typically get a "mushroom steak" and am always asked if I want onions. Today, like all the previous ones, I specified "no onions." Seems like a simple requestThe girl smiling behind the grill chimes out, "So you want an onion sandwich with a side of mushrooms, huh" To which I play along and laugh.I pay and notice my receipt clearly says "no onions." I get my order to go, take it home, and bit into a sandwich COVERED with onions!!!I'm usually forgiving and give folks another chance if a mistake is made or I have one bad experience. However, there's absolutely nothing funny or cute about a "restaurant" deliberately messing with somebody's food order. I assume the cook mistook me for somebody else she has an issue with, but I'm certain I've done nothing to warrant such passive-aggressive behavior.Since you clearly can't trust the people who prepare the food, I will never eat here again and would encourage others to stay away too.
The service was actually pretty good, and the atmosphere was pretty sweet as well. The food, however, was sub-par. I got a cheese-steak with the works and it was pretty blah. The steak was dried out and there really was not much flavor to it. I asked for hot sauce, and that was actually pretty good. The buffalo fries were also just okay. I expected more from a place that is supposed to specialize in cheese-steaks.
So I live right down the street from this place and have always wanted to try it, upon entering i was pleased with the atmosphere everything was Southside. My boyfriend and i bought a Buffalo Chicken sandwich and fresh cut fries with gravy. When i went to get my retrieve my food the sandwich was tiny and weak looking and the fries looked killer! Polar opposites! Both the food tasted like they looked, but three bites in my boyfriend tells me I should stop we can get food else where. Their kitchen is on the other side of a wall of windows so I'm surprised we didn't notice sooner but the walls and stoves and everything on their side was CAKED in grease. Not the type of grease you see on a busy day, the type of grease that has just been layering. Turned my stomach. After seeing all that i couldn't even eat another fry because think about it, its probably a month supply of gravy they just keep skimming off the top. Then to top it off the cook was sitting there eating a sandwich right where he was preparing mine, stopped to cook another sandwich, then went back to eating. Just in that order, no washing hands in-between anything.  After all was said and done  my boyfriend had a messed up stomach the rest of the night and we didn't get a dinner lol. Oh well I'm glad we spotted it.
I have gone to this place twice, and both times, I was less than satisfied. The first time, I ordered a philly cheese steak, and it was very sloppy and soggy - literally, the kaiser roll was soggy and soft (eww!) - if you could move past the soggy roll, the sandwich itself was just average. I decided to go again, against my better judgement, and this time I ordered a hot sausage with jalapeno pepper fries. Once again, the kaiser roll was soggy, the marina sauce was mediocre - as was the sausage - it was just not good. The fries, oh my god, it was literally a brown bag filled w regular (salty) fries with 2 containers. Inside one container was regular cheese, and in another container, was miniature green peppers. I. Kid. You. Not. This will be the LAST time I ever visit this place. I don't know how this place has gotten such high marks because the food over priced and is not good at all. Overall, my hot sausage sandwich and "jalapeno pepper fries" were $14 all together. A complete waste of money.
Worst service ever.  20 minutes for a steak sandwich and a rude cashier. Felt like a rip off and the guy told us... "It is what it is". I will never return to this place and hope that others feel the same way.
Stripsteak sucked. My steak was overcooked, the trio of pureed potatoes or whatever they call it was a joke, and the trio of "duck fat" fries must have been fried in 5% duck fat or something, because they tasted like something Burger King would serve (except for the white truffle ones, but how can you screw that up, really).The three pureed potatoes dishes were lobster, which, while I love big chunks of lobster, tasted like an experiment on how to get starchy potatoes and a bag of white flour into a pasty goo reminiscent of gruel which clung so steadfastly to the lobster chunks that it didn't offer the opportunity to salvage them from the muck, the sour cream and chive version, almost as gooey and I guess was worth one taste, and the third, horseradish, I guess was supposed to be some kind of traditional take on wasabi mashed potatoes you would have seen on every menu five years ago.Service wasn't anything to brag about either. This is another one of those places where they really need to train their waitstaff a little better. For this kind of money and they large crowd it draws, they should be watching for your fork and knife to come together on the plate in the interest of turning the table over. We waited a long time for our check, and I think they only took notice when I got up to use the restroom.
With all the steakhouse options in Vegas, do not waste your time with Stripsteak.  We were first seated in the bar at a lounge chair and a high table.  I have no idea how they expected us to eat a steak sitting at the kids table.  We were eventually able to move to a normal table and after a good 25 minutes, we got a waiter to come by and take some drink orders and we also placed our food orders.  I got a soup appetizer which was pretty good.  While waiting for the steaks, which arrived a good 35 minutes after appetizers, I started to feel sick and had to run to the restroom.  I'm not saying it was their fault, and I'm not saying it wasn't.  My wife finished her over salted steak while I was in the restroom being sick and the waiter and manager firmly told her that she had to pay the bill in full and they couldn't comp anything.  She never even asked for it, she just said I wasn't feeling well and probably wouldn't be eating my over salted undercooked steak (medium rare is a cool pink center, not raw and uncooked).  I'm not giving a bad review because I got sick or because they put a pound of salt on the steaks.  I'm giving them a bad review on how rude they were and made a big point to let everyone know that my sickness couldn't possibly be their fault.  I will definitely not be back.
This was one of less than a handful of restaurants still open after 10pm when we wanted an after-show bite.  The ambiance seemed sophisticated and inviting, so we gave it a try.  Mind you, we were not intending a full meal so we ordered a couple of appetizers.  The first was a steamed and chilled lobster cocktail for $24.  When the waiter brought it to our table, it was a major disappointment.  On top of a huge mound of crushed ice was HALF of a lobster tail about 3.5" long and ONE claw about the same length.  What happened to the other half and claw 2  If I was a waiter, I would be ashame to deliver such a dish!  Worse yet, the taste was very bland and slightly overcooked.  Then it was time for appetizer 2 of triangular cut lettuce about 1.5 inches long and covered with a small portion of minced crab and what-not.  This was their lettuce cup dish of crab, but if the size does not disappoint you, the lack of crab taste cerrtainly will.  The free french fries and skillet bread did not justify the $50 check (tip included)!  This was my first and LAST experience with StripSteak.  I accept the fact that prices are higher in Las Vegas, but the food lacked taste and was definitely short on quantity.At least throwing $50 into a slot machine provides entertainment!
A huge disappointment in almost every way.The room is laid out like a cafeteria: cold...hard...tinny acoustics....wooden tables.The bone-in rib-eye I had was expensive and had the consistency of an Arby's sirloin (never been there but I can't imagine it's good).The wines by the glass are way overpriced.The complimentary duck fries come out so early that they're cold by the time the steaks arrive.The only memorable thing is the pan-baked bread.This is possibly the worst steak place I've been to in Las Vegas. That tacky joint at Circus Circus is better.I'm going to have go have a rib-eye at Envy just to make me forget this experience!
Honestly quite dissapointed with StripSteak based on the four star rating here.  Maybe I just went on their worst night.  The waitress was terrible, took about half an hour to take our orders and hardly came to visit us.  The steak does not compare to other prime steakhouses.  I'm not sure what the fuss is about the fries on these reviews, they are just regular fast food like fries with different dips.  Fortunately the next night we went to Del Frisco's Double Eagle and it made up for this!
I just went there tonight with high hopes and a head full of other peoples good reviews. OMG whoever said this place is good has not had a true "dry-aged" steak at the very least. So this review is for those of you who have tasted TURE "DRY-AGED" Ribeye. You know that nutty NON-IRONY taste and weird yet interesting smell. For the quality of food...it is WAY Overpriced. AND i dont usually complain about price as long as the food is outstanding tasting. Stripsteak is NOT! Definitely does not taste like a true "DRY-AGED" steak! I had the bone-in rib-eye and it tasted like Costco steak...which taste good....but not $51 for 18oz good. My Gf had the American Wagyu....terrible! No marblization no flavor punch...just another eye of rib taste. Ive had both "Dry-aged" bone-in rib-eye and Kobe steak before and the steaks at strip steak do not even near the realm of the taste you encounter when eating the true stuff....sooo dissappointed. Lobster tail not at all fresh or worth the price. Roasted Mushrooms tasted too wierd...also too expensive as well. Scalloped potatoes...barely OK. Merlot Excellent! Their Focaccia bread thing was a heart-breaking waste of dough. Roasted Bone marrow was OK. French fries was your basic multy times fried re-hash fries...SUCK...BUT the sauces was Good & seasoning good! All in all, just too over-priced for the type of food...the food served here is the same level as Outback steak house....Please believe me, i am not even joking. Please save your money and buy 3 ribeyes for $22 at costco....same taste...trust me! I wish this place did work out for us but sadly it failed horribly. WHats worse than that was the websites that i looked at that actually said that stripsteak was good dry-aged steak. i feel like the credibility of these websites is shot. Sounded like these guys knew what they were talking about...oh well....THANK GOD that we had the Restaurant.com coupon or i would have been a lot more angry at what i could have paid for this substandard experience! I would rather go to Ruth Cris and get a "Wet-Aged"  Bloodyish tasting piece of beef than this place, at least Ruth Cris' steak taste better for less and their sides are way better too....Yup....thats how dissappointing Stripsteak is : (
Here's the short version: Worst possible dining experience, no exaggeration. Wrong reservation, terrible service, bad food, and promises broken for a business dinner with our best client.Here's the long version: Came here for a business dinner for our most important client on a recommendation. We made our reservation for their private dining area 2 months in advance to coincide with a trade show. Confirmed our reservation a week or two in advance as well. I checked in with the hostess with about half of our 20+ party there. They said our table would be ready soon and to let them know when our entire party was there. Our entire party arrived about 5 minutes later and I informed them that all were present and she said our table would be ready in a few minutes. After another 5 minutes I check to see if our table was ready. Said it would be soon, just a few minutes. After another 5 minutes I asked about our table and again the answer was soon. Not a good thing to keep a large group and important clients waiting 15 minutes for a private room that was supposed to be reserved. Finally we were told our tables were ready but it was just that, normal tables in their regular dining area. We informed them that their must be a mistake since we specifically reserved their private dining room. We were given some attitude and told that we were mistaken but they would look into it. They quickly learned from their group reservation department that their was some sort of lack or mix-up of communication between them and the hostess. The general manager shows up and began to sweat and apologize to us a thousand times. Nothing could be done at the time because they had already given away tables in their private dining area. There was only an approximate estimate of an hour wait to move to that area. We decided to start at the tables we had and move if the private area became available soon. Fortunately they said they would be able to move us to the private area after 20 minutes so we headed over. Unfortunately it was not a private room but just a semi-private area partially enclosed by glass walls. And there were still some other diners in the area but we were assured the tables would remain empty once they finished. After all of this drama I thought to myself "hopefully the food is AMAZING and redeems this entire mess." However, I was thoroughly disappointed. The blue crab chowder was too salty, the prime rib was mediocre at best (I'd rather have Bellagio buffet prime rib), and the desserts were forgetful. In addition, the service was pretty poor. A number of us had finished our drinks and had empty glasses on our table. They remained empty on our table for at least 20-30 minutes. When I had my water refilled I asked them to take away my other empty glass. It was taken away but all of the other empty glasses were ignored. It was bizarre to me that this simple task was overlooked, especially after the general manager said that he would make sure that we were taken care of and serviced well. He also mentioned that he would give us additional drinks and food and not charge us. After we received the final bill that didn't seem to be the case and it looked like we were charged the full amount. What added insult to this all was that the other tables in our semi-private dining area didn't remain empty, they continued to fill them with new diners. We spent about $5000 for the worst possible dining experience on clients who do over $50 million in business with us.
After waiting for about 1 hour for our entrees to arrive cold, I can't recommend STRIPSTEAK. It was a hassle to even find our waiter and I had to go ask the hostess for assistance twice, after we were seated. Had reservations and still had to wait for table that they were "cleaning." The table was already set up and actually was within the view of the front door where we stood waiting. I don't know if the management or the staff is to blame. Nothing at Mandalay was impressive and this was the worst. Even after they apologized for the time, the steak that was sent out cold was just reheated and therefore not the medium rare we requested. What kind of steakhouse sends out a cold porterhouse! Why waste this cut of meat
They must be joking that this is supposed to be the best steak house in the country.  My $58 steak was over cooked and flavorless - I have had more tender beef jerkey!
I dined at Stripsteak prior to going to a concert and I can honestly say that everything about this place was disappointing. The service was terrible! The drinks are way overpriced and they don't even give you a full martini. We had to ask for bread or something because after 45 minutes we had nothing at our table. It took 50 minutes for carpaccio and a wedge salad. Seriously... they didn't have to cook anything. My fillet was good but nothing special. My husband and I were very disappointed since we had both heard good stuff about this place. I would recommend SW Steakhouse or BOA Steakhouse instead.
On my way home from work, I always walk by this place and I always see people walking into here.  So I decided to give it a shot and see what's up.  I'm not a health freak or a food guru nor am I picky about food but this place is just plain bad.  The $5meal is pretty decent until they charge you an extra $2 for lo mein instead of rice.  But the biggest thing that bothers me is the huge puddle of oil that the food sits in.  Again, I'm not a health freak but eatting this food just made me feel guilty.  With every bite, I think about getting a heart attack at 27.  There's as much oil as there sauce and you see the thick oil floating above. don't expect a fantastic dining area either.  it's dark and feels icky.  I've had my fair share of cheap chinese food, and this is probably the worst I've tried.
Every time I get take out, I swear  I'm never going back but I work at a hospital in Oakland so if I don't take something to eat I need to find something quick. Szechuan has a scopious menu and I've ordered quite a mix. The portions are massive (with more rice than entree so I always order without it), the tofu is always overfried, sauce is greasy and too salty (even for me & that's saying alot), and the food always tastes fishy. After rereading this I have come to the final decision to never step foot in this dingy establishment ever again. I don't care how quick & cheap it is.
My girlfriend and I have ordered from here twice and she has gotten sick both times. I have been OK, but the quality of the food is definitely in the "cheap" category so those with sensitive stomachs need not apply.
Inedible General Tso chicken. I will never go back here.
Not worth it...
Literally a shish hole. Yes it's cheaper than all the other asian food places in Oakland, but what I paid for was barely edible. How about you give me $5 and I'll give you a plate of lard. Will not come here again! Spend the extra 50 cents and cross the street to Taiwan or Sushi Boat for more decent food.
It's so bad. I order a Chinese egg soup noodle. However, the shrimp is so small and not fresh. The tomato and vegetables like uncooked. It seems like they are hurry to let u done.
Terrible. Really, that is the only word you need - don't bother reading more because "terrible" really sums up the dining experience at Szechuan Express.We ordered via grubhub's app. I ordered General Tso Shrimp, shrimp fried rice and a small extra white rice. The app offered a coupon so with 2 sodas I met the minimum to add on a free Young Chow fried rice.  Yea! Here comes dinner!Delivery took a reasonable amount of time. The bag arrived and everything is packaged in Styrofoam. Two things here: 1. Who uses Styrofoam anymore it is terrible for the environment and 2. Styrofoam makes everything inside soggy. Yuck. And the sodas arrived warm. I guess they thought we'd like them for later or they are just too lazy to make the cokes cold.At this point I notice that there are not only zero fortune cookies but zero packets of condiments. My kid was super bummed about the no-cookie bit (me too). Now for the food.General Tso Shrimp. The shrimp are fried in a heavy batter, like a thick, cheap tempura. Since the batter takes longer to cook it does not take a genius to figure out that the shrimp is so over cooked that if you are lucky it is only just rubbery. Half of them were bone-dry and hard. Yes, they were that over cooked. I included a photo - the shrimp is a the bottom and is so shriveled that it looks just like the gummy tempura batter. Disgusting.  (psst - try this at How Lee - AMAZING)Shrimp Fried rice. Wow. This was even worse. How they managed to hit both salty and bland is beyond me. The after taste was weird and off. It coated inside your mouth like dirty grease. One bite and the rest in the garbage.Young Chow Fried Rice. I have had this before from a different place and that place was awesome. This one... and I am not exaggerating... made my daughter cry when I told her that was her dinner. Yes, full tears. I took a closer look and totally got it. I included a photo of it. The pork looks like jerky. I think there was chicken in it, who knows. It looked like vomit. I am not sure I would feed this to a dog it looked so unappetizing. The shrimp looked ok comparatively. No one ate this.The white rice... yes, the ONE thing EVERY Chinese food place should be able to get right was even dry. Scraped up dry bits from the side and bottom. It's been just over an hour - and yeah, I ate some, like an idiot. I was starving. Now I feel sick, that bloaty, nauseous feeling with a slight headache bad food feeling...Terrible. Just terrible.edit: 932014 - the business and I had a colorful back and forth about my review over the weekend and the manager indicated that in order to have a satisfying meal that the diner should only eat in or pick up - that the delivery changes the quality of the meal. While I have my own opinions about this it appears that he likely also complained to YELP about my photos (and likely my review) of the meal I was served by his restaurant. these images, most notably, showed a shrimp so completely over cooked that it had shrunk to about 13 of its normal size and was swimming inside of the breading. the other image showed dry, unappetizing fried rice. What struck me the most about our emails was what I perceived as a complete lack of professionalism and inability to listen to feedback from a customer. Further, if he feels delivery is the issue when why offer it  To be honest, the delivery was the only thing that met expectation - it arrived within 45 minutes. I have ordered take out from a wide variety of places and have had great meals with it taking even longer to get to me. so, bottom line for me the kid who is managing this restaurant pretty much reinforced my opinion of his business. there are a LOT of options out there in this category and i will happily spend my money at any of those before I spend another penny with this place.
They were totally rude and when I asked if they can deliver the food 10 minutes earlier, they said no and hung up. Do not order from these people if you expect decent service.
Yes, Guy featured it on Food Network. His poster, prominantly displayed at the entrance, reminds you of the eatery's 15 minutes of fame.And yes, guys love this place for some reason. I'm not a guy, and I don't love this place. The place is dirty. Literally. Look at the floors if you dare.On top of that, my meatless dinner was bland, and mostly lettuce. I couldn't get out of there quickly enough.
Still Dirty.Still Overhyped for what it is.Still Overpriced for what you get.Still sick of hearing about it.Cookie still good ~ big whoop...still.
Ugggghh, what can I say about Chino Bandido...It's a shit hole on 19th and greenway in a dumpy shopping center.The food isn't really that good, and the place is not clean.My friend raved about this place, so I went with him... I even ordered his suggestion, some chicken bowl thing.  The chicken was grizzly and the serving wasn't even that big for what I dropped.  I think the idea of the place is cute, but the execution isn't there.  I mean, a filiberto's or a cheap chinese joint destroy this place, and you could buy a burrito and a chinese combo at both together for only a few dollars more than a combo at Chino Bandito.I just do not understand why people like this place.
My girlfriend and I saw Chino Bandido on Diners Drive-ins & Dives and decided to check it out while visiting Phoenix last weekend. What a disappointment!  Erik T. and Roland W. are on-the-money with their reviews. While the employees were nice and very helpful with their overly complicated ordering process, the place was dirty and it took way too long to get our food. We thought the refried beans and fried rice were good but my machaca was bone-dry and my girl's gringo chicken and emerald chicken were absolutely flavorless. The egg foo yung was just OK.  We'd have been better off going to Taco Bell.  Way over-hyped.
You gotta be kiddin me, not even worth the hype, bad Chinese and Mexican, definetly belongs in dives
Good God, this place was really, really bad.  Not bad in a good way, not greasy but delicious bad, but really, really amazingly bad.  I had read online these amazing reviews about the Chino, so there I was today, an internet lemming heading up to Moon Valley to try it out.  I shop at Wal-Mart on Thomas, so I'm used to scary looking people.  Man, there was no preparing me for this place.  Bubba and his prison pals were hanging out watching a super loud TV in the dining room, shoveling food in their mouths and yelling at their kids running around the joint in between bites of greasy food.I have to admit, watching it made me 1., wish birth control was more readily available to some people, but also 2., look forward to the sloppy congealed mess that was slapped in tinfoil plates.  I appreciate sloppy and greasy food.  Hell, I grew up on the stuff.  Maybe it wasn't a good sign that, after paying over $10 for what looked like a tv dinner accompanied by a styrofoam soda, an employee of the Chino was smacking insects with a fly swatter on the table next to mine.  But I decided that if it was good enough to be one of the top rated restaurants in Phoenix, it was good enough for me.I could not have been more wrong.  I ordered the Jade Red Chicken, Jerk Chicken, Jerk Fried Rice & refried beans.  The reviews I read said this was the best food north of Guadalajara and west of Shanghai.  I took a bite of everything on my plate, one different serving at a time...and it was disgusting!  This "food" made me think that my little brother got stoned, threw some four-day old take-out Chinese food in the microwave, threw a ton of pepper all over it and topped it off with Frito-Lay bean dip.So at this point, I'm feeling ripped off.  Over ten bucks for this slop  I threw it all away and felt defeated.  Never before had I ever let a meal get the best of me.  And I've eaten British food, so I can tell you what crap tastes like.I took my cookie and walked out, driving up to Bell Road to McDonalds, vowing never to eat at any restaurant that that douchebag Guy Fieri has ever visited.
This place is filthy.  It isn't just a dive, it makes a Tijuana jail look clean.  I travel often and I have eaten in dumps all over the planet and this place is in the top 5 most disgusting.This food will mess up your stomach.  I still have it sitting in my stomach 21 hours later.  Not to mention the fact that I think the wife got food poisoning. The wife had the jade red chicken and the chile relleno with the jerk rice and refried beans.  The jade red chicken was dry, the chile relleno was covered in crackers and the chile was raw, and the beans tasted like they came from a can.I had the diablo chicken, jade red chicken, jerk rice, and refried beans.  Like I said, I'm pretty sure the beans are canned.  The diablo chicken was a little gamy and dry and the jade red was dry.  The jerk rice was ok.Long story short  Don't bother.  I don't know what Guy Fieri saw in this place.
I don't understand why peeps like this.  I just think it's sooooooo weird.  i like the concept and i like that they give you tastings.  but overall, the food is meh AND it's kinda cold and lacks atmosphere.  but i guess it would be a haven for vegetarians and people who like soy.
Don't do it unless you like that I wish I hadn't feeling. Checked out because it was on DD&D's - will not go back. Over cooked over sugared food service Chinese , disgusting gloppy beans, facility itself is filthy.
I feel like i'm the only person who didn't like this place.My sister is a huge fan and went with me to order.  I had the Jade Chicken.Bleh.   I tasted her food too but I don't recall what it was--still bleh.I'll stick with the 'berto brothers for my bad mexican food.  Maybe I just don't like asian food
I don't like Pei Wei. They have a snow pea fetish that I don't agree with. You get about 5 pieces of meat and then you are left with dry rice.....
I was really excited to see that the Pei Wei had finally opened back up. But, extremely let down to find out that they had completely changed the menu. However, I still gave it a try. All I can say is that it was the worst food I've ever had. The chicken fried rice I got my daughter was undercooked and tasted a little off. I decided to try a sandwich, bad idea, it was extremely dry and the bread was really hard. I even tried the mango ice cream....that was bad too! It tasted more like vanilla that had a horrible after taste. It also seemed to be a bit over priced, I paid like $2.13 and the little cup I got it in wasn't even half way full! All I can say is that the owners made a bad choice switching it to the "asian market."
If I could give the new Pei Wei zero stars I would. Decided to give it one last try and it was even worse than before. Tried the Honey Seared Chicken and it was the most dry dish I've ever had. It also had no flavor, which is one thing that kept me going back to the old Pei Wei. We also tried a salad, but it basically only tasted like the little tangerines pieces in it. I guess I should've known this was a bad place when they completely eliminated the kids menu. Oh, and putting everything in to-go dishes just seems so wasteful! I won't return here ever again.
They ruined Pei Wei! They actually redecorated to make the place look low rent. Somewhere there's someone in upper management who needs to be fired. Redecorate to downgrade the atmosphere -- seriously Employees now wear t-shirts and jeans instead of the nice uniforms they wore before. A bunch of teenagers work there instead of the staff that used to know what they were doing.Worst of all, the new menu sucks. Nothing here that you can't get for half the price at any Chinese take out place in the valley. No more Dan Dan Noodles. No more Lo Mein. No more vanilla chai tea. Now there are just a few rice bowls and no noodle dishes. The music is so loud that you can't even hear them call out your order number as though you were at Taco Bell or McDonald's. Because eating a meal without having to listen to the teenagers at the counter shout out numbers is too upscale. So is actual silverware. Everything that made Pei Wei funky is gone. I guess it is still asian fusion -- it's just a fusion with fast food quality. All that's missing is a drive through.They do still have tofu, which I appreciate. However, I had Mongolian tofu and the sauce tasted like it was straight out of a jar. The food was barely warm. The mushrooms were raw. My dining partner's portions were laughable. Maybe a half cup of rice and less than a half cup of mongolian beef. Yes, I know Pei Wei is a chain restaurant but I used to really enjoy the food. I'm so disappointed. I won't be back.
They ruined our neighborhood Pei Wei.  We used to do PW once-a-week.  Loved the food and everything else about the place.  Unique flavors that we couldn't find anywhere else.  We finally went last night after the new "Market"  opened.  I like the idea of the smaller portions. I can even deal with the new limited menu... But what used to be fresh food, wok-seared and served extremely hot is now pre-made and warmed up then plopped into a plastic dish.  Then you get to find your own plastic utensil to eat with.  The people that used to work there that we saw on a regular basis are now different employees, and with no customer service (bordering on rude).  The new seating is uncomfortable, and the ambiance is non existent.  We will never go back.  For 30 cents more, and a drive over to 44th & Thomas, we can get twice as much food, that is served well (and HOT)  by people who act like they care if we are happy eating there.  I understand this is a pilot restaurant to compete with the fast food joints.  If I want that, I will go to Panda Express.  Pei Wei, you are making a HUGE mistake.  Bad move!
I eat a lot of Asian food (of different sorts).  Asian is actually my go-to cuisine since I have a lot of food allergies.  This place deserves a thumbs-down, unless you love Americanized Asian.  The food was bland, breaded and just not worth any money.  Next time I'm in Phoenix, I definitely won't eat here.
Went in thinking it was the usual Pei Wei, big mistake. The food was close but no cigar. Not sure what they were thinking...
They change the place and the menu, we order our usual.  The price is about the same and the portion was smaller, the staff was not friendly.  I will not come back to this place.  My kids and I miss the OLD Pei Wei!!!  Why fix it if it is not broken!!!  WHY
"What were they thinking" is exactly what I thought. A friend and I visited this location today thinking we were going to PeiWei. Apparently, it is now a PeiWei Market. I knew something was up right away when we walked in. Not only was the decor totally different (looked like the food court at the mall), but there was nobody in there. Used to be difficult to even find a parking space. Not any more. I order my food and she asks me what size I want. I should have left then. Instead, I played along and ordered my food. $12.35 later, my number was yelled by the zit faced teenagers that work at this place, and I picked up my food. Looked like a damn lean cuisine, only not as good. It was served in the same plastic container and was about the same size. Everything is now served on to-go plastic, whether you are eating it there or not. Plastic tray, plastic dish, plastic fork, plastic cups. The most amusing part was to watch people walk in and order. When they received their food, they had this bewildered look on there face, like what the hell is this Where am I Everyone around us was not happy. Rather than convert an existing store, they should have just built a new one. Anyone who ate at PeiWei before, will surely not like the new changes. This concept will fail. Anyone who is considering PeiWei Market, save your money. Stay home and fix yourself a lean cuisine. Your wallet and palette will thank you.
Why would they 'fix' something that wasn't broken  The place used to be slammed all the time but not any more.If I wanted cheap Asian slop on plastic I'd go to Panda Express down the street.  Pei Wei was my favorite place to eat and now I hate it there.  All my favorite things are gone from the menu.  My beloved Pad Thai and the Thai Dynamite are gone and so am I.
Both my friend and I got sick eatting here over the weekend.  Had a craving for some won ton noodles and I really didnt want to drive or catch a cab to go some place else.  Big mistake.  The broth was warm, the noodles were soggy and the won ton was barely cooked.  It's very expensive by the way.  You are looking at around 14 dollars for a bowl of noodles.  Sam woo in Spring mountain road is better if you are willing to catch a cab out there.  The wok at the mgm is cool too if you want to walk across to MGM.  Hate to say this but if I had to stay at the Mandalay Bay again, i might have to eat there again............I guess I won't be staying at the mandalay bay.........hahahaha.  If you would like to eat at a great authentic chinese restaurant off the strip.........try Joyful House.
Restaurant is overpriced and over rated, for the price that they charge for the food, you would figure that it would be at least decent, especially after a night in vegas. you want to get something good to eat. I found myself taking a cab the next day to Spring Mountain and found some real chinese food, at great prices.
read karen's review. I'm the guy who wanted to throw up.
I do hope people read this before they eat here. I agree with the previous review. The service is slow and disorganized. The food is waaaaaay overpriced for the portion and quality. We ordered Singaporean noodles and what we had seem like it came from Iraq or anywhere else except Singapore. The food here is just horrible. You're the better off getting a meal at the deli next to the sports book area. One more thing, our bill came out immediately after our dishes, literally. Just the type of service you expect from a place in a 5-star resort charging $18 entrees right
If you want the most expensive, least bang for your buck, biggest ripoff of a restaurant you can imagine, come here.  $8 for a bowl of soup (3-4 spoonfuls)  My Chinese ancestors, preaching a culture of frugality, are rolling over in their graves.  I hate this place for making me feel so unjustified for spending that money...and seeing as that's all you do in Vegas w gambling and partying, for the Noodle Shop to be my biggest loss that weekend is just sad.
completely overpriced. service is slow. food is moderate.. would not recommend the pho or the preserved egg congee. but I guess if you are trapped in the Mandalay and must have Chinese food (and money is no object).. then consider yourself forewarned.
Never ever go here.  Really bland overpriced food with horrible service.  I've had better kung pao chicken out of a frozen bag from Trader Joe's....much better actually.
You would think this would be the perfect place to cure a hang over right ...We were wrong... there was 10 of us and we only had to wait about 15 minutes for them to clear 2 tables for us. Once we were seated, we looked at the menu only to find the prices were pretty freakin nuts for the type of food this place offers. (ie. $20 for pho, $18 for pad thai, $18 for wonton noodle, $26 for wonton, scallop, pork, vegetable soup, $10 eggrolls, $4 for thai ice tea, etc **these aren't the exact prices but its around this price**).After ordering our food, we had to wait about 15 minutes just to get our drinks. Had to wait another 45 minutes to get our food. I guess they wanted to serve us all at once so half of the food that came out was already cold or room temperature. Onto the food.... ABSOLUTELY the worst chinesevietnamesethai food we've ever had. Everything lacked flavor, meats and seafood was chewy, soup tasted water down, portions were kind of small for what you pay for, etc. I work and eat in downtown Oakland China Town all the time, and The Noodle Shop doesn't even compare to anything there.... Pho or wonton noodle soup is my hang over food, and this place just wanted to make me throw everything up.This place was highly understaffed, and the cooks were slow.... My friends and I have already made complaints, so in the mean time...STAY CLEAR AWAY!!! You're better off walking 5 minutes away to McDonalds!
SO awful! This is one of those moments where I'm extremely disappointed in myself for not yelping some places before I go to them. I assumed that this restaurant being in a well known well liked hotel that it was equally well liked. WRONG! It took a solid 15-20 mins for our server to greet us for the first time. If it wasn't for being hungover in Vegas and not wanting to move we would've left and had lunch somewhere else. My friend and I ordered Pad Thai, Chow Mein and Veggie Egg Rolls. I honestly could have had better if I just order Chinese take-out. The food was like cardboard, flavorless and unappetizing. But enough about the food, it was the service that threw us over the edge. Not only did it take 15-20 mins for the server to greet us but after he brought us our food we never saw him again! We literally had to get up from our table at one point and search to pay our bill! I can't even remember if that's ever happened to me before. Overall it was one of the worst dining experiences I've had....ever.
The worst pad thai we have ever had and the waitress just threw food at us and ran off.   They were understaffed and the quality is horrible.
Overpriced and hardly authentic, 888 Noodle Bar is a ghastly crap hole of a restaurant in the overly touristy Benihana village of the Las Vegas Hilton.  There are too many things wrong with this place but it all starts with the service.  Shocking for a place so small that they take "reservations" and may give customers a hard time about wanting to sit down.  While some Asians may frequent this place, its only because the property is too far off the strip for them to go anywhere more decent.  I was convinced to ask a "regular" who says he only ate there because he hated all of the other restaurants and the casino comps his meals here.  He says its hard to mess up a $10 bowl of Pho, which I think they still managed to screw up.The nearly $20 Seafood Udon noodles I had were so bland I had to ask them to change it out twice before giving up on it entirely.  $8 for a side of Gyoza (6 pieces)  Forget about it.  When the Hilton undergoes its big renovation that its got planned for next year, they need to eliminate this disgrace of a restaurant with it.
This restaurant is closed down.   Even though the in room hotel guide at the Hilton still lists it.  (Of course it also lists Quarks which was part of The Star Trek Experience that closed years ago)
The restaurant is beautiful and my friends and I were immediately impressed. It's a shame the service was so horrible. For a party of 5 we were served our meal at 3 different times. First 1 persons order, 4 minutes later 2 more, and the last 2 got their food 15 minutes later. Drink orders were wrong. Food was cold. Generally all around awful experience. Would not recommend again.
One of the worst dining experiences I've ever had. Literally. We were just looking for a nice meal close to our convention center hotel and made a very poor choice. Once seated, we waited more than 10 minutes for water and then had to ask for the drink menu. After finally ordering, the drinksfood did come quickly. I ordered the pad Thai, which was so bad I couldn't eat more than two bites...and it is extremely rare for me to turn away food! My boyfriend tried it as well and wouldn't even go back for a second bite...he compared the noodles and sauce to spaghetti o's...!!  His house chow main was good, but cold. I would have ordered something else to replace my pad Thai, but the server never came back to check on us. Eventually we had to ask for the check, though the server did offer to remove the pad Thai charge before we needed to ask. Once the check came, it had an extra appetizer charge, which then took a long time to get someone's attention to remove it. And once the check was finally corrected, the manager than hovered next to until signed (with her hand on the back of one of the chairs at our table!)! Add to this the awful faux fireworks and drummer guy who spent half his time on the phone, and it was a very poor experience.
BEWARE! $22 dollars for a small, and I mean small bowl of noodle soup. Next time I'd rather risk my life and troll the neighborhood or get back in my rental car then eat here, not to mention it literally took 40 minutes for my soup. The waitress took my order after flagging her down and she never returned, seems like the cook brought the soup out to me. BEWARE!  YOU WERE WARNED!!!!
The place is brand new and supposedly the "Famous szechuan restaurant from L.A." says the banner in chinese writing. I would have no idea it said this but it's what my mom saw when we were originally set to go to BBQ King across the parking lot.We should have gone to BBQ King.We started with a cold seaweed appetizer which was mixed with cilantro. This dishes flavor had a  nice pop to it because of the cilantro but the texture was mushy and overall- mediocre.The appetizer  of cold chicken with hot and spicy sauce was okay. It really just looked like steamed chicken marinated in siracha sauce. It was rather disappointing really... but what can you expect when the exact translation of the dish is "saliva chicken." (gross)The spicy lamb soup noodles came out in a giant bowl with almost a curry red and yellow color to the broth. It looked really promising. But then, when you got  a whiff of the soup, WOOOOO WHEEEEE! That's some game-y ass lamb! My mom and I each took two bites, and pushed it aside.Her bowl of red braised beef noodles had very little braised beef and the giant bowl was really deceiving once you dipped into it for the noodles. I could have eaten a full 2 bowls of these portions in order to be full.The restaurant is actually a step up in decor from most chinese fast food places. But... the waitstaff needs some serious training. Sure they smiled. Sure they took our order, but that was it. No checking back. And certainly no understanding of customer service when the food itself sucked. We sent back the lamb noodles and the waitstaff was totally puzzled. Like... this has never ever happened and they don't know WHY anyone would ever send food back. Even worse, the waitstaff didn't speak any english so outside of sticking my tongue out, squinting my eyes and pointing at the bowl of soup, they had no idea what was going on.They still charged us for the lamb and didn't apologize or offer us an alternative.We paid our bill and left.Done deal. I felt really cheated and bad that the one time my mom and I get some time alone to have dinner together we ended up here.The only saving grace is that BBQ King was just across the parking lot and a bowl of wonton soup there could chase these szechuan blues away.
Be aware of this Chinese restaurant, we went to this restaurant on Xmas night 2014, they know it's holiday, but only 3 people were working that night, waiting time not too bad, then wait about 20 mins to be ordered, and wait about another 20 mins, our dishes came, their rice was not ready to eat, they said too busy to fully cook rice, the most important is their dish flavor which is very bad, their cooking skill can only fool foreigners, not native Sichuan people or Chinese, finally they asked tips forcibly, and when I asked a receipt, they said they don't give receipt to customer. All in all, Do Not go to that restaurant, you will get disappointed, choose another Chinese restaurant nearby!
The service is so terrible. They even want to charge 15% tip for that kind of terrible service. The food is just soso. I will never go to that place again.
Their food may be know for authentic! Let it be known, the waitress barely understood us. The bathroom was beyond filthy, made the mistake of going in between waiting for food and lost my appetite! The rest of my group enjoyed the food. Wait was Twenty minutes, food took forty minutes to be served. No one gave us menus, if you don't speak Chinese and you don't enjoy blood, guts, and tripe there is not much to choose from because waitress, staff speaks no English!
Food is ok by Chinese standard, not really authentic. Service was terrible. Place was very crowded, table was not clean, we waited twenty minutes for water. We ordered a tofu soup but got only four bowls and no spoons for six people, even though we asked several times. A white guy sitting in the corner was basically ignored by the waitress, I saw him waving his hand for ten minutes. The waitress checked our bill before we left and asked for a 15% gratuity, but the service was too bad, ruined the whole experience, we could only give 10%. Would never come again or recommend.
So I wasn't hungry when I dropped in to visit my friend at his storein Chinatown.  But it was lunch time, and they were craving this lamb hotpot that they said was really big and good from this Chinese restaurant I don't know about by their Chinese name.The restaurant turned out to be J & J Szechuan Cuisine, which I had bookmarked to try their lunch specials earlier this year.  The interior of the restaurant looks and feels really vintage (not in a good way). But from experience, I know some of the best Chinese food are served at this hole-in-the-wall type restaurants.  After we were seated and handed our menu, my friends proceed to order the Lamb Hot Pot (which they said was off the menu).  Sounds good.  I love the whole secret menu concept.After a fair amount of time has passed and we have completely demolished the appetizers and the Cold Noodle we ordered, the waitress finally brought out the hot pot.  The reaction from my friends was that this was not what they were served on their previous visit. The portion is a lot smaller (as in about half of what they were served the last time).  So instead of it being a hearty large portion that could be split with 3 people, it was just enough to accommodate 2 people at the most.  It was a good thing that I was not hungry to begin with.  The noodle was also cooked so much that you can't even pick it out with a chopstick, as it has pretty much been cooked to mush.  They spoke to the waitress and asked why this did not look like what they ordered previously, but the waitress just argues back saying we do not remember what we ordered the last time.  Considering the portion is less than half of what my friends ordered the last time. And he took pictures of what he ordered from his previous visit. I highly doubt that. Smh.When they asked if it can be returned, since it was so different from what was served before, the waitress just said no!To add insult to injury (or is it injury to insult I wonder which is worst) one of my friend found a random string from who knows what in the Lamb Hot Pot.  We should have taken a picture of it first.  Because when we showed it to the waitress, she dismissed it as just a piece of noodle (It is right there on our table. Try eating it!). Then she said it was the string from the noodle package and just picked it up without offering an apology. Yeah, that was about the only smart thing she did. Get rid of the evidence!So inconsistency in what is served, even if it is a secret off the menu item, is already a big red flag for me to never return here again. But the fact that a foreign object was found in the food and the customer received the "No F Given" attitude when confronted about it, is just the final nail in the coffin.So yeah, even by AsianChinese restaurant standards, this place has crap service and subpar food.  Thus probability of return is less than 0.1%.  But in the event of a zombie apocalypse, I will bookmark this place since it will still be low on other people's list of places to scavenge for food. 1 star, because half stars are not supported on Yelp.
People come here for the bubble tea and hotpot. Those are OK, but the rest of the food is wildly inconsistent. A lot of the food I've ordered has had an "off" taste. The bubble tea and hotpot would make up for it, but they are also quite rude here. They won't explain basic things and there have been many instances of people I know getting kicked out because they had finished their food...when there were tables free!
BAD! food is bad; drink is acceptable......go there only because they open til midnight.
Food poisoning, worst taste of tea, worst service. Stay away from it for your life!We a group of 4 entering Evo for some bubble tea. We ordered coconut, taro and boba. The taste of them were terrible and we could even find the powder they used to make those tea. Coconut tasted like some out-dated milk and taro tasted like sugared water. The servers were unhappy seeing us just order drinks, not food and they paid us the worst service ever with so negative attitude. The worst part is when we got home and prepared for dinner, two of us got food poisoning. They spent the whole night to calm the pain in their stomach and vomit nothing, because they had no chance to eat anything else but those Evo tea.Please let other people read this comment, for the good of their lives!
Wow.  Should have read the reviews and stuck to the tea.  I had the lo mein looking noodles, spicy "young' chicken and general tso.  The only thing I could get down was the noodles.  I went in because the place was packed with Asian students so I'd figure it was worth a shot.  Now I'm not feeling to good.  Note to self:  read yelp reviews first!
Even as a Chinese student, I never feel the staff have basic courtesy at all. Every day they serve you with their disgusting faces as if you never pay for your bill. When I see their faces I feel no appetite. This is the Chinese restaurant that I have WORST impression. When friends ask me to go eat Chinese, I must ask whether they are going to EVO. If they say Yes, I say No.
I've given Evo Cafe far more chances than it deserves. The food is hardly considered passable. The last time I was here, there was a piece of metal in my food. The bubble tea is alright, but most of them are made from powder anyway. The only things that are probably keeping this place going are the prime location and wide menu selection.
Loved some of their food although they are expensive as hell. The biggest turn-off is super-rude behavior of nearly everyone who works there.  The waiter (who happened to the same person at the register sometimes) literally throws food items on the table without uttering a single 'enjoy your meal' or 'thank you' . The gesture almost indicates they are pissed off that I showed up in there to eat !
We had dinner here a few weeks ago. We got the smoked duck and the eel sauteed with dry pepper. The duck tasted like ham and the eel had an unusual flavor that I did not care for.
I don't know what's happening here. This is one of those places that you read all the glowing reviews, you go try it yourself, and you think you must have gone to the wrong place. Upon sitting down, the waitress came over and waited at our table for us to decide on a dish, little weird but ok. I chose the Kung Pao Shrimp and my friend chose the Yunnan Style Dried Beef. What came out was shrimp in a pile of oil and my friends dish was even worse. It tasted like beef jerky from a 7-11, and it resembled Shit on a Shingle. $11.99 for each dish and PLUS they charge you for rice $3 extra. I didn't think my shrimp was spicy at all. My friend couldn't finish her plate is was so salty. Then the waitress comes back around with our bill and stands there until we pay. This situation was bizarre. Too many other places in Chinatown to ever give this place a second try.
If there is 0 star here, I definitely will go with that. We went there on Christmas Eve, and there were several parties waiting outside. We got our number and notice by the owner we had to wait outside. We gotta stay chill and patiently wait for us to be called. After couple of minutes there was a party of 6 came in and without waiting, then we realized they skipped us. We were trying to tell the owner that we were in front of them, however the owner wasn't really friendly and almost yelled us he called us but we didn't appear. WTH! We were just outside. He opened the door rudely and yelled at us again 'go outside'. We decided leave for another place AND never stop by this horrible place anymore. Even though you are selected as top 100 Chinese restaurant in US, so what Your customer services is the worst!
Bad experience. The place is crowded with group tourists from China. Waiting time is long. But the quality and quantity of the food are also surprisingly bad. Will not visit the place again.
Bad service. I would rate zero star if possible. They didn't serve us because we were waiting for friends coming. Extremely bad service. Don't go there if you are in a group
Don't come this restaurant.Supper bad service!!!! Food is also not good!!!! Will not be here again! !! The waiter let us out when we were sitting in the table and waiting for our friends. We have ordered food and eating. But they still let us out in order to place order customers to sit in. I have not been a restaurant like this bad bad service. Not recommend to come this place if you have a more than 5 people.
Super bad service!!!!! We got 7, when me and my friend come in, they ask us to sit down first. I told them rest of my friend will arrived in 20 minutes. They said it's totally fine and ask us to sit down and wait. However, after 5 minutes, when there was more customers came in, they ask us to leave our table and let other customers to sit down first (in a really bass manner)! I said I had informed you that my friend would arrived in 15 minutes. How come they ask customers to get up and leave the table once they assign for the table already! Main point is we have order some appetizer but not just sitting there and holding their table!!! So does it mean that they just want to kick us out! If they want to earn lots of "money" they should just change their restaurant to fast food restaurant not providing service! SUPER SUPER SUPER BAD SERVICE! NOT COMING BACK AGAIN!
Perhaps this is authentic Chinese food  IF Chinese food tastes like lead mixed with funk, then this place is as real as it gets.I don't want to be harsh, because the service was quick and reliable, but the food really missed the mark..  I couldn't brush my teeth quickly enough.Don't do the dumplings, don't do the fried rice and don't do the crispy chicken and chiles.  Since that was my experience, that's really the only advice I have.  Oh, and bring some mints and Pepto.
It's a small place, max capacity is 68. You get hot tea right when you sit down. I got the wonton soup, tasted very bland, comes with 12 wontons for $6.99. My husband got the garlic ribs. It's breaded and deep fried. Had absolutely no flavor for $12.99. It was hard to down the food even though we were starving. We were still hungry after, so we went to Lee's Sandwich. I have no idea how it got 4 stars.
Horrible restaurant. We were seated by very unfriendly waitresses, ordered, the food didn't taste well. Fried rice was horrible, I got the hot and sour noodle, it was pretty ok but a bowl of noodle 2:1 soups. So I asked for more soup, and yes, they are giving you chicken soups and it cost $3 :) sweet huh A rice bowl size of soup cost $3. Well, I saw a group sat, ordered and left after the first dish arrived, so I DONT THINK I WILL EVER COME AGAIN.
Somehow 11111 N 7th Street is "too far for us."Um... 3.6 miles is too far wow... OK enjoy your locals. Ordering somewhere else now. :)
This place is a huge dissapoinment. You look at the menu and you get excited thinking. Oh this is going to be good!!!  Then the food comes and is wrong. Very wrong. The rice is wet and salty. Too much cilantro all over the place. This is not Mexican is Cuban. Yes we use cilantro on our food but not to that level. Rice should not be soup.  Bad cooking period.
So this is heartbreaking.  I've been going to Havana cafe for years and over looked a lot as far as decor and service, but once the food goes... So do I.  A friend who used to live here, who was visiting, suggested Havana cafe for dinner since it was always great.  Our food was not good.  It was ok at BEST and our service was lack luster- snotty really.  Then they cleared our plates before we were done and started to vacuum while we were still eating. If we were the only people keeping them there late, which it was NOT LATE AT ALL (and we weren't the only patrons there)  I could understand, but overall the service was poor right out the gate and our food wasn't great, So we will not be going back, which breaks my heart. Since I've had many good experiences in the past. I always knew I was paying more, but I figured it was worth it, but I don't think $400 for 5 people was worth that kind of poor service.  ESPECIALLY since SO many places are closing up these days.
Yelp alerted me that I have a review to complete, from nearly 2 years ago. I remember how I felt about this place back then, and still feel strongly about this place now. Recollections of how much I would not like to return to this place again. Find a place that serves Cuban-inspired food, or if there is a frozen aisle that does, heat it up in a microwave, transfer it onto a plate, and voila! Of course you'll remember to remove that non-microwaveable plastic film that Havana overlooked.
I love cuban food!  And so I take every chance to eat it, so when I saw a cuban very close to our hotel in Scottsdale, I was there!  Unfortunately, the minute I walked in, I should have turned around and walked right back out again.  There was a distinct smell that wasn't clean and wasn't pleasant.  But my interest in  a good cuban meal got the better of me.  Big mistake.The food was definitely sub-par.  I had the sampler, which included pollo cubano, ropa vieja, and masas de puerco.  Unfortunately, none of the dishes was particularly flavorful, and none were good renditions of the dish.  The pollo was bland other than an overly acidic sauce, the ropa vieja was just lacking in flavor and the vegetables and broth hadn't been blended together, and the masas weren't crispy in the least.  The whole meal was a huge let down.
Havana Cafe refused my business today when I walked into their establishment wearing a trendy bluish, turquoise singlet. Apparently, this wannabe 4-star "cafe", that resides in a plaza for God's sakes has a clothing rule that says men have to wear sleeves, but women do not. I challenged, Keith, the waiterproprietor, that my date was also wearing a similar sleeveless top and he proceeded to tell me that men are not allowed to wear sleeveless tops, and that if I were to eat there I would have to wear one of his awful red Hawaiian print polos with bamboo images on it that was two sizes too big! WTF! So you'd rather offend me and require me to wear some crap Hawaiian shirt that I'm swimming in! Mind you, it's 113 degrees out! In what world is this more "appropriate attire" than my tank and not outright sexual discrimination For those of you who think this is a joke, it ACTUALLY HAPPENED!
"My wife and I ate there a few weeks back, I thought the atmosphere was quaint and inviting however after we were sat it took quite some time before our waiter came back to us for anything. I found him to be unwelcoming and inattentive the 2 Hispanic helpers were much more courteous and attentive. The food was Ok  it wasn't horrible but i would not write home about it. It was my fist time there and maybe it was an off night but i would be reluctant to recommend the place to a friend or return simply because the service was horrible. I do how however like ambiance.
I was raised in Miami with a Cuban mother so I think I have enough grounds to say that if you are looking for good Cuban food...this is not the place.  The food was tasteless, not authentic and way over priced. 3 croquetas (tiny ones and def not Cuabn) were $5.50  Dinner was $63 for my wife and I. we left hungry and dissapointed. :(
AWFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!food is awful, place smells.  Would not recommend this place at all.Food is made with this lime juice and all food is covered with onions, and the black beans and rice is GROSS.
Ah, the dreaded worst-experience of my life, horrible service, overcharged BIRTHDAY meal...that ended up in moderate-severe food poisoning.I'm talking the kind of food poisoning where at one point I desecrated the restrooms of a lovely restaurant in downtown Phoenix and ended up laying face down on the sidewalk...to where a homeless man asked me if I was ok.Yeah.  It was that bad.  Food poisoning aside, it was STILL the worst meal of my life, and this WAS my favorite low-key restaurant in the valley.Apparently my birthday fell on the last day of a groupon or livingsocial redemption.  Unlucky us, we paid full price (more than actually...since we were charged for the wrong items they brought out and subsequently took back), and were treated worse somehow than the coupon folks -- because it was a set menu and so the kitchen didn't want to make things not on THAT menu -- despite our paying full freaking price.FACT: When one is celebrating their birthday, they want a cocktail.  I wanted a cocktail.  Actually, I wanted three.  I got my first cocktail after I'd been there nearly an hour (oh yeah, the "10 minute" wait I was told about was actually 40).  I didn't get a refill.  Or asked if I wanted a refill. Of that drink, or my water.  But I asked!  Oh, did I ask!   I drank my water and my dining companions.  And then eventually drank the melted ice from my un-refilled mojito. The 2 employees (great staffing job on a day you know will be busy with coupon redeemers!) were basically losing their minds, running around, and super stressed.  They had basically given up by the time we were eating. That is why I feel like the food poisoning occurred from something truly awful. Like employees deliberately fucking with my food horrible.I'm not sure what they normally do when people have their birthday at a restaurant, but we weren't offered dessert menus, let alone a comped dessert.  They knew it was my birthday.  They knew at the beginning we were paying the full price.  And still...worst.service.ever.***I actually filled out a comment card back in November listing my email address and phone number, where I specifically requested to be contacted (again, this was before the food poisoning).  This review was written right after the visit, and I sort of "sat" on it for literally over 6 months, in hopes someone would actually contact me.  I gave them the chance, I guess they really just don't give a shit.
I have eaten here many times, the menu has changed, food is OK.  $1.95 for sour cream, REALLY  Enough said!  I will not be back.
Though a bit longer of a drive than we normally make for lunch, our office lunch crew wanted something different, so we decided to try and find a Cuban place and came across this one which got us all excited.When we arrived, we were unimpressed by the exterior, but figured plenty of dives have awesome food.We were seated fairly quickly in some beautiful...lawn chairs!  The chairs were the cheap plastic chairs you use when you havee guests in your backyard and don't give a crap about their comfort.  The atmosphere was tacky and unimpressive.I ordered a chicken sandwich special as I didn't see any torta one the menu (what respectable Cuban place doesn't have a simple torta on their menu!).  The sandwhich was dry and flavorless and tasted as if it received no seasoning at all.  My companions all looked at their food after tasting it and were disappointed as well.Receiving a refill on a water was like asking the government to stop spending money, it just wasn't going to happen.Horrible experience, bland food, overpriced.  In short, never going back and don't recommend it to anyone.
Never going back!!This was my second time here. Wasn't that impressed the first time, but thought I'll give it another look, more because one of the guys in our team really wanted to go here. Food: Just ok, over-priced and very small portions. Came out hungry. Deserts are quite niceService: I think I would have given this place 2 12 stars was it not for the bad service. Very rude waiter, I am not going to go into details of what happenned at our table but suffice to say I left the place pissed! Never going back and nor is the guy in our team who really wanted to go in the first place.I think I hate a rude (and I mean rude not bad) service more that bad food. Bad food just leaves me with no feelings but a rude server leaves me pissed!
Great Place if you have a lot of time to waste. . . .   Here's the breakdown. estimate time in increments of 5 minsabout 5 mins to get seatedanother 5 to get take our drinks10 mins to get the drinks and order our food10 mins for the food to arrive* 10 mins into eating . . . .  hmm . . . .  where's our server10 mins has past, drink cups are empty . . . .  .  hmm. . .  should I get a APB on our server15 mins later . . . .   how was everything  Whoa! his alive!!!another 5 mins to get the check. . . . wait my automatic watch stopped working . .  . . . .All in all the food is mediocre but with molasses type service and contraband prices this place to needs to be banned just like their cigars.
Voucher 2518-6167I am seeking a refund for my voucher to Havana Cafe. Last night I went to Havana Cafe. When we entered the restaurant the hostess approached us and asked us if we had a reservation. We told her we did not and she said that they were booked up but we could eat in the bar. There were at least 6 tables open. It wasn't our first choice, but we said okay. We sat in the bar and the waitress took our drink order. After about 20 minutes the bar tender asked if our orders had been taken. We said no and he asked if he could get an appetizer started for us. We ordered our appetizers and waited for the waitress to come take our dinner order. While we waited, some other people came in and we heard them say that a 10-15 minute wait for a table was not too long. We asked them if they had a reservation and they said no, they just came in. A couple at the table next to us said they too had been told they couldn't eat in the dining room. While my friend went tell the waitress that we wanted a table, a waiter came to the table with 2 appetizers. He tried to give me the wrong one and I told him that the other one was ours. He walked away with both appetizers. I and someone at the table next mine tried to call him back but he kept going. The waitress finally came to take our orders. The appetizer waiter again came by with our appetizer and walked past our table twice. The waitress had to stop him and tell him to give it to us. We were finally moved to a table and waited for our food. When the food finally came, they brought all of the food at the same time, instead of bringing my friends salad before the entree. Also, my salad was nothing like what was listed on the menu and had ingredients that I am allergic to. I told the waiter that this was not the entree salad that I ordered and that I was allergic to some of the ingredients. At this point we asked to speak with the manager. After 10 minutes of watching the manager come in and out of the dining room, going around to talk to people at other tables we asked for the manager again. Our entrees were brought out to us. They brought the exact same salad to me and my friend's entree had clearly been sitting under a heat lamp. The waiter said that he would get the menu so he could show me that it was the right salad. The manager still hadn't come to us so my friend went to him. From across  the room, I could see from his body language that the manager was not in any way responsive to our issues. When my friend returned to the table, she told me that he was rude to her, until she mentioned that she knew the owner. The manager then came to our table. When we brought up the fact that my salad was nothing like anything on the menu and the fact that when we told the waiter that I was allergic to some of the unlisted ingredients, he apologized and said that sometimes the chef changes the ingredients and the menu isn't changed. I explained that this could be life threatening for some people.  He offered to have the salad remade, but at this point I was not confident in their care for allergy issues and declined. After 2 hours in the restaurant, we left without eating. The manager did end up giving us gift certificates for a return visit - it is highly unlikely that I will return.
This place has turned me off of Cuban food. Terrible decor, old, hot, not enough air conditioning I guess and the Paella..please. Over cooked, smooshy, cold vegetables, almost all rice with no saffron favor ands terrible seafood...can't even get the crab out of crab legs because they are so soft and cold. Terrible. I hope this place goes out of business because at these prices...I wouldn't normally say that but...shame on you for serving this. These other reviews are from the staff, no doubt about it. Try it and then thank me,later for warning you.
Lunch hour..only 2 tables with clients and I still had to wait 4-5 minutes to get somebody to come out and offer me a table.  $17 lunch plus $3 tip for a waitress with no personality. Carne ensebolllada was less than ok. Will not be coming back. Maybe an off day, but honestly fast food started to sound better. Specially for a $20 lunch.
I signed up with Yelp just to write this review. My wife and I moved to AZ recently and we were happy to find a place which sold Cuban and Puerto Rican food. All the dishes we ordered were disgusting!  The fried meat (carne frita) that she ate was dry and flavorless. The mofongo she had was unlike any other we have ever tried. She asked me to try and I just couldn't swallow it. We both love mofongo so that was very disappointing. It doesn't end there my dish was the Puerto Rican plate so I was excited and thought it would bring back some memories of my hometown but it only brought back nightmares. The rice with pigeon peas (arroz con gandules) had way too much tomato sauce... I can go on forever but would rather not. I will just jump to the desert. We thought maybe since the meal was so horrible maybe they could redeem themselves with an awesome flan. When we ordered the flan the waitress said they did not have the large portion but she  could give us the two smaller portions. We said OK but to our surprise the flan was so pale and the taste was so bland. I looked at it carefully and noticed that it had the recycling symbol on it. Who does that!!!  Come on really!  I'm done with this place. I would never eat at this restaurant even if they paid me. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone unless I hated them.
I made a special trip to go to the Havana Cafe to buy food for my mother who was just put into hospice care. Imagine my surprise when I arrived at 3:30pm and was told that I could not order off the lunch menu because the kitchen was switching to dinner service. I pointed out that the front door has a sign stating lunch is served until 4pm. The hostess got the manager who refused to allow me to order off the lunch menu. I suggested they change their lunch hour to end at 3:30 instead of 4pm so this wouldn't happen to anyone else. As far as the food, I am Hispanic, and my food makes this food taste like fast food. I only went there for convenience. What a huge disappointment!
I will not be going back because the owner would not honor my $15 groupon.  My waitress asked her 2 times and she said no.  There are plenty of great places in North Scottsdale...this is not one of them.
What a sh*t hole... Obviously no one here has ever been to Cuba or at the least, visited Miami... The food is so nasty, the prices are unbelievable.  Why would a croqueta be $3.00  Who knows, who cares...People from Vegas hear this:  This is not authentic Cuban trust me I am from Miami with Cuban parents.
Their lack of service really outweighed the quality of their food, so for that I am giving them one star (I wish I could give none).The waitresses thoroughly pissed both me and my bf off. First of all, we were the first people to go into the restaurant at 11am. Once we entered, they looked over at us from the bar and I said "hello" with a smile on my face, which was quickly turned into a scowl after they just stared at us without responding. We just stood their for 5 minutes while they kept on talking to each other at the bar. Then FINALLY one of them comes up to us and says "yes, what can i help you with" "um, we're here for breakfast" is what we said. Then she told us to sit in the front without even bringing us over to a table. We picked out what we wanted fairly quickly. We both got Cuban style breakfasts which were $8.95 each (pretty overpriced for what you get). My plate consisted of some plantains, two potato balls, two pieces of toast, and eggs....for $8.95. Which reminds me that they totally screwed up on my order. I ordered scrambled eggs and my boyfriend ordered his over easy. They brought us our plates (after about 20 minutes of waiting even though we were the only customers) and both plates had over easy eggs. I didn't even bother complaining because I knew it was just going to take even longer and we were on pressed time. I felt like they just did all the eggs over easy to make it simpler for themselves. My bf finished his plate first and he scooted his empty plate to the side of the table so the waitress could see and pick it up. Instead the waitress sat some lady that just arrived to a booth next to us and started talking to her in Spanish for a while, took her order, then walked right past our table without taking the plate or giving us and refills. Shortly after that, I finished my plate of food. At that point there were TWO empty plates at the side of the table and TWO empty cups next to them. It really ticked me off to see the waitress bring the lady's order out right away, talk to her some MORE, then pass our table ONCE AGAIN without doing anything. We were literally sitting there doing nothing. The waitress went to the lady's table again to talk to her some more and that's when my boyfriend asked her for the bill, then she asked us if we wanted some refills and took our plates. If that's what it takes to get refills and a clean table at this place then that's just ridiculous.She came out with not our bill, but the bill for the lady in the booth next to us. WTF that really got us mad! That lady next to us arrived about 30 minutes after we arrived.  We asked for the bill ONCE AGAIN and she brought it out along with the other lady's change. My bf slammed his card on the bill right away cuz we were not in the mood to wait any longer. As we waited for the waitress to bring us the receipt I noticed all the other waitresses just standing around the bar DOING NOTHING BUT TALKING TO EACH OTHER AND LOOKING AT THEMSELVES IN THE MIRROR. That's probably what they do all day long since the bar has a wall made up of mirrors. It was so annoying, there was about 5 other waitresses and not one of them could give us good service. I noticed one of the waitresses made a stripper outfit out of her uniform. All of her tramp stamp tattoos were showing since she rolled her shirt up and she was wearing hoochi shorts, I found it very unprofessional. Our receipt finally came. I begged my bf not to give a tip, unfortunately he did lol, but it was only 5 percent. They really deserved less considering they neglected the hell out of us . I don't know if it was because of the way we looked (my bf has dreads and I have a nose piercing) but the service was just horrible and it seemed like it was only like that for us. Either way, no establishment should be run like this. We still want to try the Cuban buffet and we plan on doing so next week. Luckily with buffets you go and get your own food, so we won't be needing much of their services. I guess then I'll be able to post something about their food. That is, if they don't make a black cloud hover over it with their service.
There were four of us and the best thing about this place was the bread that doesn't get refilled. Don't come here.  It smells funny and the service is horrible!  I have heard good things but this is like being in the twilight zone!
I have been to Florida Cafe numerous times during the past 8 years because I live with Cubans and I LOVE Cuban food, and this last time will hopefully be my LAST time.  It was never better than ok, and now it is ridiculous. The decor is nice, the wait staff is nice.  However, the food is terribly expensive and it isn't very good.  The rice and beans are mediocre, and the ropa vieja is uninspired.  The piss poor service is what sent me over the edge this time.  Saturday afternoon, several employees roaming around, but none with the title, seemingly, of waiterwaitress.  Seriously  Is it that difficult to get drink service  What about a refill  Can I have one of those  Could someone check to make sure that everyone received what they ordered and that it was satisfactory  Apparently not. Picadillo  Ick.  Papas rellenos  Ick....were those INSTANT potatoes  They DID make damn sure to send someone over to take a photo of my group and then hit us up for a $20.00 photo.  Um...No.  Thank you, no mas.  If you are familiar with Porto's in L.A....this isn't even close.  There is a reason that there is always a line there, and never one here.  For authentic food, try Rincon Criollo down the street.  Indifferent service, sketchy location, horrible decor, but AWESOME food.
I like to venture out w diff. types of food once in awhile so I wanted to give this place a try with a Groupon offer. Total disappointment. First of all, its location...sucks! Secondly, unprofessional staffs busy eating and talking...sucks! And lastly, very-dried-up-NO-flavor-over-fried food...major sucks!
Used a groupon on this place and they put additional charges on our meal- including a required tip on a buffet where you grab your own food. The food was stale, there were no vegetarian options, and no salsa!!! The worst meal I have had in las Vegas to date. So not worth the money!!! Do not eat there!!!
We came here on our honneymoon exactly one year ago, the place was heaven.  We came back for our anniversary, and everything was horrid.  The service sucked.  The food was bland and had no flavor.  We had Arroz con Pollo and Picadillo, two of the most famous cuban dinners, and they were nasty and had no flavor.  All that was used was nasty dark meat chicken.  I will not be back and will instead be getting my Cuban food cuisine at the place down the street, Rincon Criollo.
I have been here twice before, mostly because of my love of cuban food.  It has been better before but never great.  I liked the maduros, but that was about it.  I ordered an amazon.local gift deal (like groupon) where you get $20 of food for $10. Showed it to the the waitress before eating and then we ordered.  We ordered more than usual, because of the $20 voucher.  When it was time to pay, I told her to make sure she took the $20 off.  She didn't take it off, ran my credit card for the full amount and said that because the manager wasn't there I couldn't use it!!!! WHAT  She told me to come eat there another time and use it and maybe the manager would be there.  I politely said, "Couldn't you call the manager or amazon.com"  She said, "Not really..."  She also said she couldn't refund any of the money because she already ran my credit card.  What a scam. I was angry, and will never be back again.  So much for a repeat customer.  I will advise anyone never to go.  Worst service ever. And the food wasn't even good.
I have heard that this is an older well established restaurant.  This place is clearly starting to show its age.  The service was abysmal.  Around five or six tables, two waitresses, and they still could not serve everyone.  The waitress had plenty of time to talk to friends. The waitress even had trouble with our wine and order.  We had to repeat our order several times and we were right next to the computer. We had, at best, warm food when it go to our table.    We asked for our appetizer first and got both entree and appetizer.  The appetizer was pipping hot and the food was warm.  Just a really bad experience all around with the slow service and sub par food.  If you had a choice between this place and staying at home, I would save the money and hassle of eating on the strip
I remember years ago this place was pretty good.  Plenty of food, great serivce, great prices.  I came back home bragging about it and telling my bestfriend that I needed to take her there one day and try some delicious cuban food.  I was raised in Miami but unfourtunately live in Utah now so the closets thing I have to get my hands on real cuban food is Vegas.  Anyway,  I went back to this restaurant and actually brought my bestfriend with me.  I was exhausted from walking the strip(big mistake)  and we both looked exhausted.  When we arrived there,  I noticed they had a wedding going on and the staff was taking care of them. I thought it was going to be great because besided the party we were the only other customers there.  The prices went up on the menu but it didn't bother me that much because I thought the food was worth it.  Our waitress was the most HORRIBLE waitress I've ever had.   I think we had three different people taking our order and one was trying to rush us in ordering our food when we barely got the menu.  Let just say that we ordered and no one ever brought my food out.  They brought my friend's plate out but not mine and no one ever came back to check up on us.  I also ordered a mojito and our waitress was so bad that the bartender brought it to our table.  I was furious especially after I bragged about how great this place was.  My bestfriend let one of the staff member know that I never got my food..  This was one tab too. They wanted to take my order again( after I've already repeated it to the third person) and after my friend had already finished eating her food.   I told them I didn't want anything except my tab.  I didn't leave a tip and I'm one of those people that ALWAYS tips.  My father in law decided to email them about the horrible service I had and they never responded back.  Luckily, I found a way better cuban cafe( 2055 east tropicana ave) with great food, great service and great price.  I've been there now about five times and brought friends over that have loved it as well and have gone back.
beverages were good, food was ice cold, service was blehh. server never came back with change and we only gave her twenties.. walked out yelling, "THANK U, U CAN KEEP THE CHANGE!" my nice way of being a bitch. ha. never going back, unless someone else is paying. I'd rather take my chances with Florida Cafe.
I had high expectations for this place after all the review unfortunately my first time with the family was not a great one.   We went around after lunch and seated by the far left. We saw an old lady seated next to the kitchen area, which was not covered and we can see the cooks preparing the meals.  Red alert 1, not good. When we got our meals, one of them was a deep fried pork chop which was crispy but in the middle was red and uncooked. We when spoke to our server and told her about it. She did Ok and went back to the kitchen and had the cook refried the pork chop. NOT GOOD! There was no mention of 'I'm apologize and make you a new one' or 'I'll take it off the bill'.
Ordered a Cubano sandwich and fried plantains. The plantains were burnt. The cubano was fantastic. Tender juicy meat BUT THERE WAS A HAIR IN MY SANDWICH. I'm so disappointed!
I am a huge fan of Cuban cuisine, Vegas, honestly does not have enough Cuban restaurants and this one will not be on my radar. I was pretty disappointed by my experience here. We ordered yuca in garlic sauce, bacalao in red sauce, ropa vieja with fried plantains. We left without finishing our food. The bacalao was SO salty, I couldn't eat it (I actually prefer my food on a saltier side). The yuca was just boiled, drained in oil and sprinkled with garlic powder. The ropa vieja was just ok.What really stricked me is that you can see part of the kitchen from the kitchen area and the first thing you see is a microwave... Odds are many restaurants have microwaves in their kitchen but should customers see them from their table Absolutely not.Now, I went to the bathroom and was seriously grossed out. It looks like it's a bathroom in a 3rd world country. After I washed my hands and left the bathroom I felt like my hands are dirtier. I really wanted to like this place and based on so many positive reviews I thought I would. The positive reviews is what actually kept us from walking out without ordering.
first of all, for being 1 on this lis,t it shouldn't be. Service was poor. Waitress had attitude and seemed to be upset the entire time. Not once did she crack a smile. The pan con lechon that we ordered was very dry and it had cheese! An original Pan con lechon is simply pork, bread and mojo. NO CHEESE! Why do they put cheese on an original cuban sandwich like pan con lechon The croquetas were re-heated and old. The place was very hot and no air. The plaque from Zagat and best of Las Vegas should be removed! Not to mention those were from back in 2007!!! Chef Ramsey would be applled!! Pass this place up and head somewhere else!
This was by far one of the worst Vegas restaurant experiences that I have had.  My husband and I are addicted to MexicanCuban food, and we finally decided to give this dirty lookin little place a try.  There were 2 bums laying on the sidewalk outside the resturant.  There were a group of mexican guys sitting in the corner with buckets of beer in front of each of them- they were watching some Mexican soccer game... a disco ball in the front window ... so far so good, lol.We got two Negro Medolo's, a steak burrito, and a CHICKEN enchilada ala carte.  The menu said "add an enchilada to a combo for $1.95"  the server told us that it was no longer the special, it was now 2.95 to add an enchilada.  We told her that was fine.  I can't eat a whole lot when I'm having a beer ;)  The food didn't take too long... after she drops it off, we don't see her again till the "bill" comes... The burrito was actually really good... huge portions too.  The "chicken" enchilada turned out to be a cheese enchilada... so I didn't eat that.  No biggie... except the server was gone for 20 minutes.  We started to think she went home or something...  After we set our plates to the side, the other girl working finally came over to take the plates.   We told her, that we got the wrong enchilada, no biggie, and we don't want another one.  At that point, our food and beer had settled and theres no way i could eat anymore.  She said she would tell our server...So, our server finally comes back over with a tablet she had written our checks on (apparently, she never shows us a check) and tells us that will be $30.LOL.  What   $30 dollars for one burrito and two beers  The burrito itself, was 9.95.  She continues to go over her calculations, $5.75 for the beers, $3.50 for the enchilada [[[stop!  first, we got an enchilada we didn't order - and sent it back... but do you remember she told us the enchilada was now 2.95  She's making these prices up as she goes, i beleive]]]We told her we got the wrong enchilada... she says "i dunno, you eat it"  Uh.... no, we told her we didn't, we sent it back... (which she would have known if she had been back to the table even once after the food had arrived)  She stomps away, to ask the other girl ... our server stomps off to the kitchen and we see her arguing with some guy in the kitchen.   She walks back over and says "okay, now 27 dollar"We were so disturbed by the arguing and extremely rude service, we just wanted to leave, and didn't think about how that added up, we just gave her money and left.   If i had been paying, i would have stiffed her.  I've never in my life stiffed a server.  I worked in restaurants for 7 years, husband was a bartender for 4+yrs, we tip VERY WELL!!  After we got back to Freemont i start thinking.  So... 9.95 for the burrito, and - 17 dollars for the two negro medelos!  what !  Husband seems to remember her saying the beers were 5.75 a peice.  Thats 11.50... 11.50+9.95=  $22.95So that means all the porn slappers sitting in the corner had 40 dollar bucks of beer sitting in front of each of them  I'm sure.  Did she think we were drunk and wouldn't realize we were getting ripped off  Since we never got a check, and she seemed to keep changing her prices every time she came back to the table, I'm sure she pocketed a good bit of our payment.  Whata fuckin shame, I really liked the burrito.  I would NEVER step foot in this place again.  I can't imagine making your customers feel so uncomfortable.. If you still need to go here, check the menu for the prices, and ask for a check at the end...  Maybe she added a 5 dollar plate share fee  that would be a high plate share fee - especially for a dirty little mexican place in the ghetto!!  Even so, I wasn't planning on eating the damn burrito- I ordered ONE enchilada, (i don't eat much at night, and theres no point in ordering food that I won't eat!) Either way, its poor buisness practice...  I've never felt the need to call a restaurant's manager, until this experience... but i figured what would the point be  I don't think any of them spoke english.... and if they did, would they even care  They don't care that they employ a theif... geez.. I was trying to not bring in a stereotype, but damn... :-xI think we paid for half the beer for the mexican guys in the corner  who knows...
No. Just. No. The decor was a little loud for my taste, and the same Selena dvd was played three times while we were there, which got old real fast. It's also not in the best part of town, but hey, it happens. The food was good, I'll give them that. I ordered the ropa vieja, and enjoyed it, or would have if they'd gotten the order right. It states quite clearly on the menu that ropa vieja comes with papas fritas (french fries). My plate came with white steamed rice and a bowl of beans. When I asked the waitress politely about my fries, she told me (rudely) that my meal did not come with fries. I protested, saying it was on the menu, and she told me outright that I was wrong, and walked away. I had no menus handy or I would have showed her. Half the reason I ordered what I did was because I was craving some french fries. I don't think I've ever been told flat out that I was WRONG at a restaurant before. Not only that, but we ordered ONE pitcher of margaritas, but she brought out another over the course of the meal, which we did not drink or order. These margaritas were awful. I don't think they used real tequila. No one at our table finished a glass. Then we were told we were being charged $24 a pitcher, when we hadn't even touched the other pitcher. Um. No. Not only that, but we had a rather large party. I understand that this can be difficult for small restaurants. However, when we arrived, there was only one other table occupied. But people who came in after us starting receiving their food before a quarter of the people at our table received their meals. Come on! You don't serve the new orders before you've gotten the first table done! Other people at my table got the wrong food, too. My father-in-law can't eat cheese, and so he specifically requested NO CHEESE in the enchiladas or on the beans. He received cheese on both and had to send it back. The service here was AWFUL. The waitress was surly and never available except when she brought a plate of food out (which was once every ten minutes). I absolutely DO NOT recommend this place, especially if you have a group of people over four. Too bad, cause the food is good.
My wife and I ate here over a year ago, and I was very disappointed in the meal.  I agree that for the price, I'd expect a nicer place with better service and not an entrance from the parking lot that is like a service entrance.The food was nothing special.  It is an amalgam, and that's not what we were looking for.  We wanted good Cuban food.  Not here.  This is the one food area where Las Vegas is really lacking.
I used to love the Cuban food at this restaurant.  Not any more.  I don't know if the ownership changed, but it's now called "Mamita's" and the chef clearly doesn't know how to cook.  Moreover, the service was incredibly slow and bad.  I ordered the masas de puerco fritas, and it arrived dry.  I asked for garlic sauce, and ten minutes later, the chef sent out a bowl of onions in oil.  Terrible service, worse cooking.  Too bad. Stay away.
I was excited to get me one of them Cuban sandwiches. The bread was nothing to write home about, but it was ok.They charged me $9 for a $5.95 Cuban sandwich. I asked the server if she charged me for 2 sandwiches cuz the menu indicates the price of $5.95. The lady then gave me $3. I asked my buddy's roommate about the place and he said, "Fk that place. They charged me $20 for the food and drink. The actual price was $12. I recommend that you add the bill yourself before you get over charged. Check your bill before paying.Mamacita, either learn to add or stop ripping off customers. Yelp is here to help.
My friend Karen had seen this restaurant and had made mental note that she wanted to give it a shot. We decided this is where we would do dinner last night, before hitting up the Western for $1 shots and beers and then to Dino's for Karaoke. Wow where do I start Waited about 15 minutes until we were finally approached for a drink order, let alone questions regarding the menu. I had never had Cuban food at a restaurant so I was a bit clueless on what certain things were. I asked the waitress what the house specialty is or what is ordered the most and or popular, she then points out a few things on the menu and says this is OK, um that is OK. Well you know what lady, I am looking for more than just "OK". Crappy service for starters, after finally coming to take our order it took another 15 minutes or so to get our drinks. The food took forever, and only two of four meals were brought. So I am sitting waiting until my friends food comes so I can eat. I said screw it, my fajitas are getting cold waiting so I dug in! After the non helpful suggestions from the waitress, I decided to play it safe and ordered the beef and chicken fajitas which came with a side plate of rice and beans. The fajitas were a large portion of dry unseasoned chicken and beef. Not much flavor at all to speak of. I have had better fajitas at El Torito's. Disappointment for me as even the rice and beans were bland, very bland! Friend 1 ordered a bowl of menudo, she said the flavor was not the best and she is an old school menudo eater. She asked the waitress prior if it their menudo had a red or white base, the waitress pulled the menu and pointed to the picture and said that is what it looks like. Also her plate was a sloppy mess when it arrived, menudo juice all over the plate and running down the side of the bowl, the presentation was just bad. I know they were rushing to get orders out but there is just no excuse for that slop to be dropped at anyone's table. I attached a picture, check it out.Friend 2 got the Tequila pollo dish with a side order of chile releno. The chicken was one big slab on the plate, would have made a better eater friendly and a visually appealing meal had they sliced it. The portion was generous but did not matter as the taste once again was bland as the other dishes we tried. Friend 3 got some sort of beef dish that was nothing but grizzle, all she was able to eat was the white rice and the black beans she spit up. Literally had a plate of wasted meat left. She probably should have sent it back as was basically inedible. The service was slow, and not very friendly, did not seem like a good outcome if a complaint was issued, I think that is the vibe we felt. Still I would have issued my complaint as they can not improve something if they are not aware or getting the complaint. Service and food very disappointing. The tab was $80.00 for four of us for bad service and plain, unflavored food. We will NOT be back. Also the flat screen TV blasting the Michael Jackson videos, over and over and over and over and over was overkill. We could not hear each other so we had very little conversation between the four of us. A hilarious moment, the waitress walked past our table and because the music video was soooooo freakin loud the waitress did not even hear my friend calling her! We just wanted to ask if they could turn it down. Several other patrons were talking about it as well. Ok they were not talking about it as I could not hear anyone, I mean I was lip reading along with watching people point to their ears so I am assuming they were thinking the same as we were that the music was way too loud. Don't get me wrong...music is my life but when I dine I am not really down for a taped concert at the same time. It was ridiculous how loud it was.This place sucks balls...and not the good kind! This place just gave reason for a bitch fest that night from my friends, and they are not even Yelpers! I never want to endure that again!They should also train their employees on cuban food, not cool for a specialty restaurant to have staff that is clueless in regards to the menu.Service sucks Poor food Pricey
I want to give Mamacita's a good review and it wasn't for lack of trying as I live Downtown, but I can't.. But basically I'd have to say the quality and freshness of the food and also the servie staff leave a lot to be desired. I had the huevos ranchero, and the portion's were poor for the price and the ranchero sauce was not fresh and the rice was cold. I tried it again and had a cuban sandwich and plantain's. The plantain's were undercooked on the inside and overcooked on the outside and flavorless,  the cuban was OK but the bread was dry. I gave it one more try walking home one night and decided maybe I should be going after their more expensive signature dishes. I went for the pork and ended throwing most it out after I choked down a few bites. It was super dry with no rub and lightly nuked. All in all there are much better places to eat that care about the quality of the food and service.
Horrible, bad don't eat here. Staff doesn't care about service or quality of food
DO NOT RECCOMEND!!Chimichangas were hard as a rock.Chips & Salsa was free. Service is eh & the decor is dreadful.Also they have a DJ posted by the windowWhy Not sure, I guess they want me to suffer through pit bull songs while I complain about my crap tacos. Downtown has some good spot, this is NOT one of them.
Horrible service!!. If I had known they were shut down by the health dept., wouldn't have come here. Waited 15 min for the waitress and it wasn't even busy.  The table next to us waited forever and when they asked for more chips, they were charged for them. We had to get up and get our own refills. Stay away and find another place to eat!!  Didn't even want to leave a 1 star but there's no lower rating!!
GREAT FOOD, BAD SERVICE.. i love their food, but they definitely won't be getting another dime from me because their service sucks.. if you don't speak Spanish, they don't bother with you.. i rather spend my money & refer people to FLORIDA CAFE on las vegas blvd.. the best staff and food!! dont waste your money here...
Where do I begin I live in hendo and my bf has been dying to go here for almost 2 years. But as the story goes by the time we'd remember it or see it, we'd already eaten. So finally yesterday afternoon after picking him up from the airport his we saw it... like a beacon in the night! CUBA CAFE! He was soooo excited. Finally! he was getting to eat at the place he'd wanted to eat  for SO Long!We walked in, very small - feels like you're in someone's living room its that small. Purple, pink, blue and green walls. about 4 tables - pretty much slow looking. Perfect. He ordered some kinda Cuban Pasta dish. I ordered the classic cuban sandwich since I was pretty hungry I didn't want to order anything that was too complicated or took too long to cook. It was about 820 pm. JUST BREAD AND WATER: We got our water, free circle cuban bread - pretty good but I didnt want to fill up on bread bc my sandwich had bread and i"m trying not to eat carbs for dinner.. only for brkfast or lunch.  So we wait and we wait. and WAIT. and wait some more. OTHER TABLES: A couple comes in. They sit. They order, they drink. they eat. They finish and they leave. Sitting right next to us mind you. . The 2nd couple comes in - they sit, they order, they're eating... Then the 3rd guy.  a lone ranger guy comes in and orders an appetizer but doesnt eat it.. They i see a plate coming out thinking ooh its finally us.. nope it goes to appetizer guy who has a full plate of appetizer and ISNT EATING IT.. get's a 2ND PLATE!!!then it happened... THE CAMEL. THE STRAW.  IT BROKE. My Bf and I shot up simutaneously. That was it. That finally did it. ARe you FREAKING KIDDING ME  3 tables that walked in AFTER US were already eating. and it wasnt like we got there at the same time. Lone ranger guy walked in a good 25 min. after we got there. after 45 we had flipped a coin to decide if we stayed or left. Eventhough "leaving" won the coin toss I decided I was hungry and we'd already waited this long, I felt bad that the food was in preperation, how do you leave Do we just ask how long Do we politely tell them to withdraw the order Do we just bail What's the protocol I'd never waited that long in such an empty restaurant. But the second lone ranger got his appetizer and his dinner and the couple that walked in 15 min. after us had come, eaten and left 10 min. ago.. and yet another couple was already eating their dinner too.. was just oo much to bear. We asked our spanish only speaking server what did we owe her for the bread and water - she asked if we didn want our order my bf told her in spanish (beware if you dont speak spanish...this could pose a problem during ordering as it did for me) we've already waited for an hour for our food. She said well pasta takes a long time - really at my house the box says 10-11 minutes once the water is boiling. and even LESS if the pasta is fresh made which I doubt is the case. Over an hr and change for pasta and a sandwich (your most popular dish on the menu) POR FAVOR. Never again Cuba Cafe.. next time I want Cuban I'm going to try some place else. We drove down the street to Sushi Twister. sat ordered, ate and left all totalling a whopping 45 minutes. chickn teriyaki, salad, miso soup, salad, 8 pc california roll and 2 shrimp tempura - all in less than 45 min. Now that's good food and great service! see my review of them ! :)
Was the only white person in there, stared at right away, WHATEVER! my money is jsut as good as the other peoples right! food was MEH. bread was stale and toasted. not a nice combo. meat wasnt well cut, or seasoned. The fresh flowers were a nice touch, but thats about it.
I have two complaints I ordered a ropa vieja and it was FLAVORLESS and the lechon was HORRIBLE !!! It had soo many salt and full of grease that I had to leave it on the plate. THE only thing I liked was the bread with butter which was delicious but I would most definitely not be coming here again when I come to Vegas. Please stay away from this pricey place !!
Wow.  All I can say was TOTALLY DISAPPOINTING!!!  I went in a large party of 12 and it was clear from the beginning we were going to have a problem.  We were seated at a table with only 9 seats and when we moved the next table over to make the extra spaces, the waiter quickly ran over and told us he needed those seats.  We mentioned our reservation was for 12 people, not 9, and he grudgingly backed off.  We asked before we ordered if it were possible to do several small checks since many of our party members only had debit cards, but the waiter refused saying the most he could do was split the table in half and do 2 checks.  He was CLEARLY not capable of handing a large party, or didn't care about his service since he would get his 18% gratuity anyway, but he couldn't even get who asked for WATER correctly.  I got a watery Arnold Palmer about 15 minutes after I ordered it, and my husband got a flat Long Island Iced Tea (after being brought a regular iced tea incorrectly).  The remainder of my group who had ordered cocktails said they were quite good, so we will give them that positive mark.  After the insanity of ordering, which emphasized my concern the waiter couldn't handle the table of 12, a different waiter brought out the food in no particular order and began saying in spanish what the food was.  We had to go back to the menu and ask WHAT NUMBER the food was to figure out whose it was. The food did arrive very quickly which was its only positive factor IMHO.  I had seafood paella that looked fabulous, but tasted like something I could have made at home out of a box of rice-a-roni with a few crab legs and a lobster tail on top.  For $28.95 I was really expecting to be blown away. The consensus among the other party members was, eh ok, not terrible, not stellar.  We were not offered dessert and the check was brought immediately after the table was cleared.  I definately felt we were being hurried out, though when it took the waiter nearly 20 minutes to bring back the change, I wasn't sure what the problem was.Honestly for a $60 total for me and my husband, and what was well over a $300 bill with both checks combined, we should have had much better service, even if the food was just ok.  i do not recommend this place and the only reason it even gets a star at all was the assertions of my other group members their food was edible.
Just about the only thing I enjoyed about this place was the drinks. I had a sip of just about everyone's drink, and they were all pretty tasty.I dined with Emily E. (below, in the party of 12), and I agree with everything she said.While the food wasn't bad, it was not worth the price -- $65 for my husband and me. I have no problem paying for quality, but Havana Grill simply wasn't worth it.The waiter was downright rude at times. I felt he didn't put much effort into service because he knew he was getting 18 percent gratuity (not what I would have left by any means had I the choice).I am sad there aren't many Cuban restaurants in town, as I long for the authentic fare I ate in Miami two years ago. Looks like we locals just won't get the chance to experience something better.
First, the food is average. It would be okay if it weren't so expensive. Basically this place has a "hole in the wall" menu with "sit down restaurant" prices.  For instance, you'll order some rice and beans with a little meat,  tostones and a beer that should  cost no more than $10 and here its going to cost your more like $30. All of this would would garner them a 3 star review perhaps. But I had a had my credit card number stolen at the restaurant. After paying with my card, about a week later I learned that my card had been duplicated, and approximately $1000 of gas, food and Bachata concert tickets had been purchased on the counterfeit card. My credit card company spotted the activity. And I figured out that it happened at Havana Grill. So pay with cash or follow the waiter to the cash register and keep an eye on your card.
I just went to Havana Grill for the first time and sadly it will be my last. I did not personally get to order any of their food off of the menu, however I did get to try their free bread they give you before your meal is delivered and I have to say that was tasty. I also ordered their passion mojito and that was good albeit pricey. My bad experience was with the staff of the restaurant. We were in a semi-large group of people sitting on the patio, ordering lots of appetizers, food and alcohol. Apparentely there was an incident up front with one person of our group (who wouldn't turn his hat around) and they kicked him out. We had no idea that incident took place and the General Manager stormed back to our table and told us to all leave. We were treated so horribly and were being screamed at by the GM (can you say embarrasing!) and we had no clue what was even going on. We had to leave that second with our drink cups full, food still on our plate AND still had to pay our bills with the 18% gratuity conveniently tacked on the check. I have filed a complaint with the owner and will never step foot in there again. If you are brave enough to give it a shot then I can only hope your experience is better than mine. Such a disappointment...
I've came here a couple of times (mainly by force) first off... the securities out front that I have dealt with have been rude and arrogant,  there is a 5-10 charge for women and the bartenders seem some what snooty as well. I once waited 20 min for a drink when they weren't even busy. Not a fan but they do play good music. so If your planning on JUST dancing then it's okay.....
I ate here for the first, and last, time tonight. I can't remember the name of the sandwich I ordered, but it was steak with caramelized onions on smashed bread. It was dry, dry, dry. The onions were about half cooked, certainly not caramelized. The steak, besides being dry, had no flavor. I guess the best thing I had was a few french  fries. Two people in our party arrived late, placed their orders, and waited. And waited. Finally, someone brought the bill. All of the orders, even the late ones were on there, along with the tip, but still the food hadn't arrived. They had to ask for it again. It was never even made.
This place was horrible. The food was dry and tasteless. The "Cuban" bread was plain white bread smashed in a press. We split an appetizer and a sandwich and they were both a joke. The meat was way overdone, dry, chewy, and way overpriced at $12. The papas were boxed mashed potatoes with a bland sausage in the middle. 2 potato balls for $6. The service was OK, but there is no "legitimate " reason this business should still be open. I will never return.
Myself, my wife & another couple ate here on a Wednesday evening & the only meal that was fresh was the salad ordered by one of our group. The seafood in the paella was overcooked & the rice was mush. An order of Cuban porkchops were inedible and the salmon dish ordered was not cooked as requested. The ceviche appetizer was just chopped shrimp. Boo! Even the sangria was lacking. I don't think the owners can decide whether this is a restaurant or a nightclub.
Last Friday after work I met up with 3 friends I haven't seen for a few months to catch up over drinks and appetizers.  First of all, the food was bland.  Secondly, and most important, the service was awful.  Water refills were hard to get.  But here is the real kicker, which I must preface with the fact that the restaurant had low to moderate occupancy.  After an hour and a half, a female staff member approached our table, placed her hands on her hips, shot us a don't mess with me look, and barked, "Do you want anything else"  She might as well have said GTFO biznatches!  We left with the quickness and won't be returning.
We called to reserve Havana Grill for June 24th, a Monday. As you can see the website shows open on Monday and it was confirmed for a party of 16 for that day. We all show up and it's closed and the sign says closed on Mondays. I had called a couple of days before to ask if I can bring a cake for our party that Monday and she said oh yes, she checked to add that to our party reservations. They lost out because another restaurant seated all of us for the party! I won't go back, unprofessional service.
Wow, cougar city!  This must be where all divorcees end up going to find their next husbands.
To Whom It May Concern:On Monday, I posted the following on your Facebook page:"I attended SCC's Out of Hand on Saturday night with my partner who was hired to photograph the event.  After enjoying a few of your delicious tacos, I was appalled to find out at the end of the evening that he was not allowed to. All volunteers, staff and hired help were allowed to and even encouraged to eat at all the other vendors. Participating in an event like this is an opportunity to showcase your delicious food specifically to people who may not have been to your establishment before, and hopefully gain new customers.  Unfortunately, due to the rudeness of your staff at the event denying my partner food and referring to him as a 'random person,' you've taken two existing customers and fans and ensured that they won't return."Today, after receiving a notification that someone at Seviche had responded, it turned out that, in fact, that response and the original post had been deleted.  What a cowardly, unprofessional, and shameful way to handle criticism for bad behavior. Only goes to show that I am correct in no longer wanting to patronize your business.
New menu does not tickle my fancy. No more cuban sushi roll. Boo hoo.
Wow... all we could say after this meal was bland, bland, bland. Everything sounded so good too. And our service was atrocious.  What a let down!
Never have I ever felt so uncomfortable that I walked out of a restaurant without ordering...until I came here.I showed up with a friend last Fri. night around 10pm after a Cultural District gallery crawl.  I suggested this place since it seemed interesting and different, it had strong ratings on Yelp, and they offered a free glass of sangria for a check in.  When we walked in, it was fairly busy and seemed understaffed, and there was no hostess to seat us.  Since we were planning to order a few drinks and some tapas, my friend suggested we sit at the bar, and I agreed, so we walked over and seated ourselves.  A guy who looked like the manager or owner walked over pretty promptly and handed us some food and drink menus, which we perused for about 10 min.Once we'd decided what to order, we set our menus down, and the guy who'd handed them to us came over to take our order.  The weirdness started when I said, "Well, I'd like to claim my free sangria since I checked in on Yelp," only to realize that the guy purportedly taking my order had disappeared!  I gave my friend a confused look, and he told me that the guy had walked off right after I said "Well," and joked that perhaps starting an order with "Well," was unacceptable in this establishment.  It was at this point that I realized that we weren't sitting at the bar--we were actually sitting at the chef's table (which is structured similarly to the bar)!  My friend hadn't known this when he led us over there to sit, and I only happened to know that this was the chef's table bc I'd read that they had one.  Nobody, including the guy who "waited" on us, had bothered to tell us this simple fact, or to suggest that we may want to move elsewhere if we weren't planning on ordering entrees--instead, they just ignored us!  At this point, we both felt weird enough that we got up and decided to leave, and did so without further ado.I'm not sure if we were profiled as peons who didn't look wealthy enough to be sitting at the chef's table, or if this place was so understaffed that they decided to blow off anyone showing the slightest degree of indecisiveness.  Either way, the treatment we received was, quite frankly, unacceptable.  If the management thinks it's okay to ignore customers and make them feel uncomfortable, they won't have many of them left before long--not to mention any revenue.P.S. We left and headed over to the Harris Grill in Shadyside, where we spent a cool $50 + tip on drinks and food.
How to put this gentlyWhile I may go back to Pittsburgh some day, I will never return to the Carnegie Museum of Art. It's not that I mind that its gallery seemed small compared to others I have viewed (sometimes small museums have some hidden treasures) or that one whole gallery was blown glass and I felt like I was at a bong shop on haight st. in sf. It comes down to the fact that a docent, while trying to explain a painting with a watchtower in it, told the students it was a watchtower "from Auschwitz, a place where they basically fried a lot of Jews".  Seriously That's how she chose to describe concentration camps to a large class of what I could only guess were middle schoolers It sounded like she described a bad breakfast joint..."oh that place they basically just fry eggs".On top of all that, the description of the piece stated the watchtower was reminiscent of those that were spread throughout East and West Germany during Hitler's rule (i.e. not those in Auschwitz).In sum, docents are a reflection of the institution in which they volunteer, and this one sucked. So, Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh, if you're going to hire racist people to lead your tours, at least make sure they have their facts straight (or can read).
At this point, I am done. I scheduled my kids for the last 2 weeks in August and then due to an emergency, I had to cancel, which I did a month before their camp was to start. I was told they were issuing my refund, and that was 3 weeks ago. THREE WEEKS and i still dont have it. I live probably 30 minutes from the museum and could have driven there 63838484848485858 times by now and picked it up. Its just sooo unprofessional and annoying. They need to get their office together and deliver refunds in a timely manner. 7-10 business days are fine but 3 WEEKS is UNACCEPTABLE for it to not have even been MAILED YET. So dissapointed and will never use them again.
In response to the response I received from the Museum rep, I called and left a message and never received a reply as of yet, but you reponded on Yelp. This week is the 3rd week. your response stated that my refund was sent this week, if you are speaking about this current week, today is the 14th, monday and the week has just begun. If you are talking about last week, can you please tell me what day since leaving messages do not gain a response except to be contacted here on Yelp. Thank you.
I like to think of myself as an appreciater of art.  I've loved the Museum of Modern Art in New York City, the Art Institute of Chicago, The National Gallery in London, and, of course, the Smithsonian in DC.  Upon moving to Charlotte, we decided to visit the Museum of Crap + Design (er, Craft + Design) one afternoon (it's free between certain hours on Tuesdays) to check it out.   We quickly breezed our way through it, as what we saw were mostly sticks and twigs stuck into things.  It was not impressive by any means and not "art" in my book.  I'll stick to Charlotte's Mint Museum of Art if I want to see something artsy.
Eat at your own risk. The service is terrible, the staff seem to be generally clueless, the management is inclined to blame the staff for their own mistakes, and there's no sense of FAST in their fast food. When we came, half of the menu board was still on breakfast, and it was 4:30p. The only thing they have going for them is that the food is hot and tastes just like McDonald's should. Then again, the franchise is owned by Rice, and I've come to take terrible service is their MO.
My expectations for McDonalds are t rarely high. But for one to still fail so spectacularly...that takes something special!The cashier took my friends's order, then promptly ignored me. I had to force myself in front of a cashier who opened his register to wait on the person BEHIND me. I waited over five minutes for a gigantic order that included precisely one kid's meal. After watching two people who ordered after me be handed their food, I asked where mine was. The manager started yelling at the cashiers for "serving off their orders" when they didn't have their food. But neither cashier was anywhere near those controls, and the manager was the one serving food to customers and clearing the boards.The manager was rude when giving me my order. She didn't make sure that I had everything ON MY RECEIPT, and never even had the decency to apologize that I felt I was getting poor service.I've eaten at various McDonalds restaurants for over 30 years. I've worked at more than one location. I expect bad days, bad moods, and the occasional mistake. But I have yet to have a decent experience at this store. It will remain a place I avoid unless someone in my party needs to avoid illness from low blood sugar. Perhaps I should go back to the racially biased service of Steak n Shake instead!
I've tried to give this McDonalds a chance but my patience has run out. The only reason why I came here as much as I did is because I like the $1 iced coffees. But it's not even worth it. This McDonalds is poo and so is most of the staff. Whenever I want to go through the drive-thru I can't because there is a line of cars wrapped half away around the building. And even when the line is shorter there's always a hold up of some sort. So most of the time I just park and go inside the restaurant. Today was a horrible day. I ordered an iced coffee (no cream or sugar) and a chocolate chip cookie. It only takes 30 seconds to fill a cup with coffee and 30 seconds to take a cookie out of the case. I waited 10 minutes!! Sorry but that's too long just to get a coffee and a cookie! It's not like I ordered a meal! During that time I saw people come in after me and get their milkshakes and iced coffees within two minutes! WTH! I told the petite sleepy eyed cashier I wanted my money back! Her eyes opened wide in surprise, like I really woke her up or something. She said,"Youre the one who ordered the iced coffee I can get it for you!" For real She was the one who took my order! I told her I waited too long and I just want my money back. The manager offered to make my iced coffee, but  I refused because I had just had enough.There are *few* employees there who work hard but everyone else is dragging their feet. There is no organization or teamwork, everyone is scrabbling. It looks like none of them want to be there. I used to work in fast food and I know it sucks, but come on!I'm sorry but I can't recommend this Mcdonalds. It's poo. I'm not coming back here anymore. Guess I'll be going to Starbucks- and their iced coffees taste better anyway!
This McDonald's is so bad it's amazing.  Order:  Big mac, large fries, diet coke.The soda machine was broken.   No sodas.Then I got to the window.  "We rang you up for medium fries."   (Not what I asked for)  "Well, if you want a large, you're gonna have to wait 4 minutes.  We just started a new batch."Left with:  Big mac, medium fries, no coke.Actually, now that I think about it, this was one of my better experiences there...
This is the absolute WORST Steak N Shake I've ever been to. The bf and I got lost around Pittsburgh for 40 min. trying to find this location and on top of the unnecessary 1 hour wait for our food, the food itself was just so crappily made. It was so bad and we had waited a ridiculous amount of time (c'mon, Steak N Shake is basically a glorified McD's), our waiter comped our WHOLE MEAL.If not for the compensation, I would have been pissed that we had to pay for such a crappy meal. The bf, on the other hand, was more upset about the principle of the matter... we had trekked all that way just to get our Steak N Shake fix (since both of us haven't had it since our undergraduate days) and it was a major fail.I think I'm good with my Steak N Shake craving for a long time now...PS. The whole joint smells like major B.O.
I went here at 3 PM between the lunch rush and the dinner rush, and the restaurant was maybe 20% full. I ordered the Chili Mac Supreme to go. I thought I would be in and out within 5-10 minutes. Keep in mind that this restaurant even has a drive-thru; the expectation is quick service.Long story short, my food never came... the waitress told me (after I had been sitting there waiting for thirty minutes) that the kitchen hadn't even started on my order yet, so I told her to cancel it and walked out. Now I see that others on Yelp have warned about the slow service at this location. Wish I had looked it up earlier.
The only thing worse than the food is the service.
Terrible wait staff  couldn't even seat us. Before we, and another party walked out without even being greeted properly, I observed several employees traipse out the front door, several tables who were waiting for their food for a long time,  several employees just standing around out of direct view of the tables, a morbidly obese hostess that could barely physically walk from one end of the store to the other. I think one server was high.     Going there was a  special request by a 7 year old getting over a long-ish illness, so that makes the shabby treatment more enraging.
Food is good, what you'd expect from Steak n Shake. THE SERVICE IS AWFUL. so incredibly awful. expect to take at least an hour for your meal, even when it's slow. I've been going here for years when I want a cheap meal, but the service is so so so awful. Go to McDonalds.
The service was fast but the food was terrible and so was the service. I had a bus to catch so I couldn't wait around waiting for the check so I went to the counter to pay. She never brought my check, never checked to see if my drink needed refilled, she just mopped the floors. The burger was really greasy, the fries were Luke warm and the cheese on them wasn't as flavorful as it should be. As a new Pittsburgher I'm not impressed.
I should have known better than to stop here, but I was nursing a hangover and just wanted something quick and simple.  I should kick myself for thinking of this place.Granted I decided to go to the drive thru and knew there would be a wait.  The sign actually says that the food is prepared when you order it.  I sat for almost ten minutes at the window while my food was prepared.  During that time I wished I could have taken back my order and also wished that I hadn't paid already.  While sitting at the window I decided to just stare inside and watch some of the employees doing their job.  What disturbed me the most was watching the employee making the milkshakes.  Making a milkshake isn't that hard or glamorous of a thing to watch.  What disgusted me was that the guy actually lifted several of the containers for the milkshakes and smelt them.  I mean smelt them to see if they were clean, instead of actually taking the extra minute or two to clean the container.  After witnessing this my food was finally ready and I drove away.When I finally got to eating my food I was underwhelmed.  The fries had no flavor and with the size of the cut it appears you get more than what you ordered.  The "steakburger" really, they should just call it a burger, was overpowered by the BBQ sauce on it.  It was all I could taste.All this has cemented me in not wanting to ever step foot in one of these establishments ever again.
You know what you're getting with a Steak N Shake: it's about one rung up from a McD's in quality, and about two rungs down in quickness. At least, you think you know. I used to have a small place in my heart (though the salt and fat weren't very kind to said organ) for Steak N Shake, because hey, who can argue with beef and drinkable ice cream But after my last trip, I can think of nothing more disgusting than having to eat here, this location in particular. I haven't been back in over year, and I will never step foot into a Steak N Shake as long as I have an immune system that I care about. After having eaten here, I hit the restroom on my way out (along with my two friends....hey, we're girls, it's acceptable!). One stall was already taken, so two of us are stuck waiting while this occupant does her....shall we say, business After a few seconds, we realize that she's not only there to relieve herself, but to also take drive-through orders. Yes, that's right...."You want fries with that *flush* Okay, that will be $5.50". I have never, ever witnessed anything so insane as a drive-through restroom. To top it off, after finishing her "bathroom break", she walks straight out of the stall and into the restaurant. I guess she was in too much of a rush to complete the order she had just taken that she didn't have time to wash her hands. And I was in too much of a rush to choke back up what I had just eaten before it wreaked mayhem on my stomach.
I love Steak N Shake. This one, however, leaves a lot to be desired. The food often comes out cold and the servers are apathetic at best. Most of the time, they're downright rude. I highly recommend avoiding this location if possible. There's one on Route 51 that's worth the 15 minutes it'll take you to get there.
I like the occasional steak and shake stop.....    but this one has to be the slowest one ever.    The cashier was rude and I could hear her yelling are you fucking kidding me because the register was not working the way she wanted....     wow.... just wow...
A group of us traveld here to go kenneywood park across the road but we decided not to after what we drove throuhg to get there so we atleast decided to get somthing to eat and man where we happey to get out alive. We where the only normal people in this place. The kids next to us who where only 14 where bragging and saying that they went to jail 2 times in their life. You had people selling their food outsdie the resturant. after seeing that we quickly left and hid in our cars with the doors locked. While we where in there my friend got hit on by 2 girls and they gave him there numbers while the other young guy across the table yeld dont do it dont do it. Must I say more bottom line is dont go if you are normal and get the hell out of that area cause if you call a shank a happey meal toy then that is the resturant for you.
By far the worst McDonald's in the world.  Employees are to busy playing grab ass behind the counter, to get your order correct.  Ninety percent of the time you receive the wrong order, after waiting what seems an eternity.  I've even enjoyed the experience of going through the drive thru, only to get home and find no beef patties on my Big Mac.  Save yourself the aggravation, and do not go here.
You know it's bad when a McDonald's gets a 1 star review...I mean, seriously: none of us expect anything fancy when we go to a McDonald's. The whole point of going to McDonald's is indulging in some not-good-for-you food on the go in your busy life. In my case, I just wanted a small mealsnack that wouldn't cost me as much as the stuff in Kennywood would. I hadn't even eaten at a McDonald's in about eight years or so. And I quickly remembered why!Forget the fact that McDonald's food isn't great. We all know it's not great. The problem here is that they added insult to injury by giving you the worst customer service ever in addition to not so good food. For starters, I quickly discovered that the drive-thru here is the ABSOLUTE slowest line on planet Earth. You certainly won't be getting any fast food here! Then, once I FINALLY placed my order, and finally got to the window to pay (because of course I spent a lot of time waiting for the people in front of me to even get their orders), a young woman took my card, swiped it...and didn't say another word. I waited thinking she was printing a receipt - nope! Eventually - after whipping out her phone and sending a text or two - she realized I was still there and told me to go to the next window for my food. Whatever, I figured, forget the receipt; by then I was pretty sure she had moved on to other orders and couldn't print my receipt anyway. On to the next window, where I was given my food and drink...and I proceeded to quickly discover they gave me no straw and for some reason, layered my Big Mac as such: bread, bread, patty, patty, bread. ...seriously, how does one even mess that up I give one brownie point because the fries really were actually pretty good...but they were not worth the wait or trouble.I concur with the other reviewers: skip this place. Completely. Just keep driving. Anywhere else is better and less of a waste of your time and money, and the people here are so slow that you'll spend more time waiting for your food then you will eating it.
By far the absolute worst Mcdonalds in theWorld. You can pretty much rest assured that, after your long wait in the drive thru, your order will most definitely be wrong.  Calls to the owner go ignored. Rice Enterprises own a majority of the McDonalds in the South Hills.  They have all gone down hill in quality, service and cleanliness.  The owner has to be the problem.
I have never gotten an order correct from this specific McDonald's. I'm not sure what the problem is, but it is never, ever right. It is never quick. The staff is always rude. After trying at least 12-15 times over the past year, I've finally given up hope on this place. Do not recommend.
My orders have come out bad pretty much every time I have ordered from here. The chicken nuggets come out under par. I'm lucky if the fries come out right. My last experience is the last straw. I recently posted a photo of my Chicken Ranch Club. That has no chicken. This is ridiculous. I am done going to this Mcd's.
I wish we had a way to hold this corporation accountable for its crimes against our society.
Please go to the other McDonalds (not too far from here at 120 Penn Cir W).One time while using their drive-thru service, we realized they forgot to add an item on our receipt. We asked how much the real total is and the employee told me, "like $5.00." WHAT!!!!!  CAN YOU PLEASE USE YOUR REGISTER TO TELL ME HOW MUCH THE ACTUAL TOTAL IS!
I don't expect much from fast food restaurants. But I do expect to be spoken to when I am a paying customer. I just went through the drive-thru at this location and, other than taking my order at the speaker, no one said a word to me. There was a different person at each window, and neither of them said hello, your total is, fuck you, nothing. I don't think I've ever encountered such a miserable bunch of people. Maybe they're upset because their heroin operation was shut down.
One of the worst Wendy's I've ever experienced.  Every morning there was a 30-minute wait - after ordering - for food.
First off, I like family restaurants and avoid chains when possible. Sometimes that's not possible - in the future I'll avoid this one no matter what.Its always a zoo, the servers are not interested in what they are doing, and do it poorly. Food comes out of order or not at all. The managers don't care. We actually had a waitress spill the soup, catch most of it in her hand, and dump it back in right in front of us. Then she gave it to us before thinking to ask if we wanted another. Just go anywhere else, it can't be worse!
Normally one would think, one chain restaurant is just like the rest but I have had nothing but problems here. The staff appears to be constantly changing as does the managers which should tell you something. I've been there for lunch and dinner and continue to have issues. Here are just some of the problems that we have had: a co-worker had an entire glass of iced tea dropped on him and nothing was comped on his check; we have had to wait a very long time for our orders to be taken; I ordered the pick 2 and was told that the soup could not possibly come out first(even though I've done this before); they have argued with us over what the meal is supposed to come with to the point of us showing them a picture; and staff does not appear to be properly trained.
Another overdone steak and utterly inattentive staff! Still sitting here waiting for someone to give a care.So, we finally got the attention of a server who was not our server, Michael. She was kind enough to take my steak back to the kitchen. Michael, our server, finally shows up 10 minutes later with a half-hearted apology and to let me know that my steak was being prepared again. He does not offer to refill our drink glasses that have now been sitting empty for 20 minutes. The manager makes an appearance and brings me a strip steak that looks rare from the sight of it. He informs me that my steak is on him and apologizes. He goes away. I cut into my steak and it's, you guessed it, Pittsburgh Rare. I asked for medium rare. He returns and I tell him that the chef needs to go back to culinary school and learn how to prepare a steak. The manager apologizes again and asks me if I want to take this pathetic piece of beef home with me! Not only is it rare but it's a cheap cut of strip steak that is loaded with connective gristle. I said no thanks. He comped my husband's meal and we left. I never hope for people to lose their jobs but the cook and the server really need some serious retraining! I will never go back to this Applebee's again.
The worst pulled pork sandwich I have ever had.    Their watermelon mixed drink was very good though.  I won't be returning.
Obviously, you aren't coming here because it is in any way cool, or because of the 80's decor. You got kids with you or others whose palette doesn't extend past burgers and fries. These limitations can be overlooked. What can't be forgiven, however, is the shabbiness of this place. It looks like it gets vacuumed once a week, and the bathrooms are disgusting.
Stopped for dinner there while traveling on business.  Greeted by a friendly hostess, seated and ignored.   After 25 minutes without a server, I left.  Will not recommend to anyone else passing through.  I don't know if all the wait staff didn't feel like serving one person because tips are smaller for one than a group or if they were just incompetent or just rude.  Extremely dissatisfied.
Went there on my first day in Pittsburg. Wasn't the best experience. My waitress was to busy talking to her coworkers that she couldn't even give us any sauces. The food was ok but nothing to great. When I go back to Pittsburg I will not be going there again!!!!
Absolutely horrible service, when we entered the hostess gave an audible sigh like we were inconveniencing her with our presence.  We were seated for over 10 minutes and never had a server come to even take drink orders.  Needless to say we left, and we will not be going back.
I made an appointment 3 weeks in advance when I was texted after I leftA voicemail. It took a couple days to schedule as the woman, Retta, forgot her appointment book one of the days. When I showed up to my surprise it is looks like it would be a closet...right beside the elevator, no window, an office right next door that looks to take up most of the right side of the building. I gave it the benefit of the doubt and tried to open the door to go in...locked. Okay I think it's just one lady named, Retta. So I waited since my appointment was at 5 and it was 4:45. Around 4:55 I lightly knocked, nothing. I gave her a call and she didn't pick up. At this point I really had to use the restroom. I waited until 5 and knocked normally so that it would be heard. I sent her a text touching base and asking for the bathroom code. Around 5:05 I knocked again. 5:12 I called again and left her a voicemail letting her know I'd been waiting and would wait another 3 minutes before leaving and contacting Amazon local for a refund. I asked a few people if they'd ever been there and go the responses were all no. A few people I'd run into on my way knew where it was as they pointed it out to me. Around 5:15 the same men came back around and one knocked very loudly for me and they found me the bathroom code, thank god! So I come back at 5:20 and knock one last time. I left and have not heard from Retta and it is now 5:40. I'll be reaching out to Amazon Local for sure.
I was new in town and needed an eyebrow wax. I found the Spa at Ballantyne and decided to give it a try. Although I received a skewer of yummy pinneaple while I was waiting for my technician that was the highlight of my expereince. We got in the room and after what seemed like just two strips pulled off she said I was done. She didn't have a mirror in the room so she said I could use a metal bowl to try and see my reflection or we could go into the bathroom and she could tweeze and strays in there. Are you kiddingThis wouldnt have been so bad if it was super cheap, but the waxing was $20 and then they add automatic tip on there so it came to $24. There are many places less expensive or where you get more for your money.
I was so surprised as to the level of disappointment I experienced at this spa. My best friend and I (she flew in from NJ for a visit and we planned a girls' day) went to this spa for 1 hour massages, both of us choosing hot stone. We both have experienced this type and other kinds of massages in many different places, NJ, NY, California to name a few.Here are my main issues:1- we are greeted by a very nice woman who does not understand or speak English. We ask questions and we are answered 'yes' every time. When we asked about the spa pools (are they hot or cold water) we get a 'yes'. I ask again, are they hot We get a yes. SHe leaves and we touch the water and both pools are ice cold. We find the hot tub, figure it out ourselves and the jets, which do not move, are facing straight up, therefore making a huge mess and we can't sit in front of the jets to loosen up any muscles. It was a joke.2- the hallway from the pools to the locker room is so sterile, I thought I was in a hospital.3- my massage, was all about the stones. My very nice therapist added hot stones then removed them over and over again for 50 minutes. SHe didn't massage anything. I kept on waiting for the manipulation to start, thinking she was maybe warming me up and relaxing my muscles and she was going to start the actual massage any second. Then we were done. What the heck  My friend's massage included an actual massage.4- the tranquility room is an open space right off the showers. there is no tranquil anything about this 'room'. No soft lighting, no blankets (I was quite chilly), no anything to make me feel I was in a special place to enjoy my quiet time.5- the pleasure of this experience, and i use that term kindly, cost me a whopping $175.  I haven't felt THIS ripped off in a very long time.If you are used to a special experience and you feel you deserve to be pampered and be made to feel good, Do Not Go Here unless you don't care where your money goes.
UPDATE: I mailed a letter to the spa director with our list of complaints. I was surprised when I received a phone call from the director. He wanted to discuss our experience and promised that they were in a transition, updating the spa, etc. He refunded our money and offered us a massage at no cost so that we could be impressed and change our minds about this place. We were looking forward to a great experience, as promised and I fully planned on updating my rating here on Yelp.So, I called last week to book our appointments only to find that the director is no longer with the spa. I left a message with the spa manager and after several days she has yet to return my call. I guess the good service left with the director.
UPDATE 2 - spoke with the new spa manager and she promises a great experience for my friend and me. I will update.
It takes a lot for me to give a nasty review, and this place earns it.I was in town for a mini reunion - 4 of my friends from all over the US met here to catch up (after 20 years!).  I have lived all over the world, and appreciate spa's of all sorts and facilities....and always the main thing comes back to service.First, the greeting here was nice.  We had reservations for our treatments and confirmed at the desk then went on the tour. The facilities are wonderful.  Very posh.  Beautiful pools, indoor and out, and the spa was relaxing and comfortable.Now with posh places, they can often miss the point of actual "treatment".  But keep in mind I go to a Korean spa in Los Angeles and get an old lady to scrub me down like a little dirty kid so that my skin glows.  Still, I expect the actual treatment.So I had a massage.  Can't go wrong with that - right  Well....maybe you can.  I choose the only man on staff, as I like a strong massage.  I can honestly say that he spent more time adjusting my blanket a million times then he did actually rubbing me.  It was almost annoying.  I was ready to rip the blanket off.  I'm here for a rub down, not fluffy adjustment of the blanket and how it covers me LOL.  So whatever....When I got back I asked my friends if their treatments were nice.  All said "ok" and I had wondered if they just didn't know better or didn't want to complain.  One did complain.  She said that she didn't get the hot oil head treatment.  Oh that's sucky - because it is an add on service and costs a little bit.  But she really wanted it.  Well it's not missing it that pissed me off....it's what the lady told her.  She basically told my friend "well I totally forgot and I don't have time....but what a shame cuz I do a really good treatment".  Well if that isn't the biggest f-you ever  She should have taken the time to DO it!Then we go to pay.  Well....now here is the part that totally had me trumped.  Like I said, I've been to spas on every single corner of this earth, and never before have I seen this done.  They basically add a 20% gratuity.  They PRE add it.  Then they say to you "well, if you feel you want to give them less, we can change it".  WOW WOW WOW!  So are you really suppose to feel like an jerk and say they deserve less  So first my friend - she told them to take off the charge for the service she didn't get, then said she did want to tip less since the girl made her feel bad.  They said to her "well you know the tip get's shared by all of us".  Oh my Lord.  My turn.  I say to her, well I've never heard of this being done before and it's kinda odd to shove the gratuity down our throats.  We all would have paid it anyhow, but it's the fact that we are demanded to without knowing that leaves a bad taste in our mouths.  I paid and didn't fight.But then...there was a local man standing in line waiting to pay too.  He said to the girl..."what can I bitch about to try to get a discount".  WOW.  Is this really how these locals act  He didn't know our situation.  He didn't know how we were treated.  So my friend who lives there turned around and said something to him - basically to mind his own business.  The girl behind the counter LAUGHED.Oh no.  In the car, my friend called several times to speak to a manager.  They kept sending her to voicemail. She left two voicemails.  NO call back.You can have the prettiest little southern spot and posh trimmings, but the meat is your treatments and your service.  In my booked you failed on both.
I treated my mom and myself to Sea Pearl Facials, Bottoms Up Pedicures, and Luxury Manicures on April 1st, 2014, at the Spa. I have lived in the Ballantyne area for years; however, this was my first visit to the Spa at Ballantyne. Overall, we were very satisfied with every service we received. We were welcomed and had a full tour of the facilities upon arrival. I personally had Leigh for my facial, and she was amazing. She talked with me at length about my skin type, the products that would work well, and the experience was incredibly relaxing. I have had facials before, but this is the best one I've ever had. My mom was equally satisfied with her service, and said she could have stayed on the table forever. I had Choyoung for my bottoms up pedicure and luxury manicure. She was an expert, and sought to ensure comfort at every step! My mom and I had these together, and it was a great experience - relaxing, refreshing, and lots of good chatter. We had a beautiful view of the golf course, and were sipping complimentary Pomegranate Martinis during these services. I have not been doing a manipedi on a regular basis, but am considering adding this on a monthly basis. Choyoung was very welcoming, friendly, and efficient. The only part of our day that really irritated me was our checkout. After gathering our things from the locker room, we came back up to check out. My mother went into the shop to browse while I waited to pay. There was one customer at the desk actively engaged in a conversation with the man behind the desk. There was a woman behind the desk also, not participating in the discussion, but seemed like she was politely listening. She clearly saw us walk up, and my mother go into the shop. I stood there for a bit, expecting that since the other customer was actively engaged in conversation with the other staff member, she would respond but did not. I almost said 'excuse me', but given I do customer service for a living as well, I wanted to see how long she would ignore me. I continued to stand there, and finally she (Lindsey) greeted me. I must say she was the most cold and rude person I encountered at the Spa. She presented me with the itemized bill before charging my card with $700 in services and a forced 20% gratuity (I normally tip 20% and would have anyway, but it's nice for the customer to have that choice), and then focused back on the previous conversation while she was printing receipts. It was almost as if I was a bother to her. After I received my receipt, I started to walk into the shop, and I heard her greet the person behind me with a totally different attitude. After the fantastic service received from all of their services staff throughout the day, it was not something I expected at the end. It goes to show you that a borderline rude customer experience at the end can ruin the entire impression of a business. Additionally, I sent this feedback in e-mail to the Spa, and heard absolutely nothing from them...not even a 'sorry'.
Over crowded, loud, and not a relaxing experience. Stayed at the hotel and booked two massages. Was looking forward to a tranquil  environment, sadly that did not happen. The service was below par and did not measure up to the quality of the hotel. I was not told about the facilities available, it was loud, crowded, I was told I could relax after massage with my husband, that did not happen, and checking in was not smooth. Sadly not worth the money or time.
I made a reservations for my bf and i at the spa on 61414 to have a relaxing Day but they gave me a stressful week. It was a really nice place. i was planning to go again but not anymore.I was very disappointed when i found out that i got charged twice and got 2 overdraft fees because of the spa and the amount was  different compared to the first time being charged also my bf got charged and it was a different amount too. I think this was fraud because they charged our cards different amounts without our authorization. I received a refund a week later from the spa after several disputes.
I got my hair cut here about a month ago. During the shampooing my scalp began to feel a little tingly but no biggie. By the time I sat in the stylist's chair though it felt as if my scalp was on fire. My ears were bright red and anywhere else that the wet hair had touched my face turned the skin bright red. Clearly I was having a bad reaction to their Aveda-only products.  The stylist got very concerned and, appropriately, brought over the salon manager. The clearly unconcerned heard-it-before manager said that she, too, had a bad reaction to their products as did some other customers and that I "might want to take a Benadryl" when I got home.  End of story! Not "how can we make it better for you" Not "Oh I am so sorry this happened!" Take a Benedryl. That and they charged me full price for my miserable experience - maybe they felt that they had to recoup the cost of rinsing my head againAny service professional that doesn't understand the importance of customer service will not get my money again.
I have a gift certificate for an Ultimate Makeover - 2 12 hours of consultation, cut, color, style and makeup.  I was really excited to try the Spa and in desperate need of a haircut so I called right away to make an appointment. I was lucky enough that the first available appointment, although 2 weeks away was on a Friday night.  I booked the appointment and made big plans to go out with friends to debut my new look (really, how often do you get to have your makeup professionally done for a night out.) Flash forward to an hour before my much anticipated appointment I received a voicemail message informing me that Mallory was running behind with another appointment and I would need to call to reschedule mine.  WTF You're cancelling my appointment and not even apologizing or offering me any option like a shorter serviceI swallow my anger and return the call think that perhaps since they canceled my appointment, they would find a way to quickly accommodate me with a new appointment or perhaps upgrade me for the inconvenience.  Nope.  I was informed that Mallory's next time slot was a week and a half out or I could see someone else on a Tuesday - Who needs their makeup done for a Tuesday nightHonestly if it wasn't a gift certificate I would just cancel and go somewhere else. This is NOT a great first impression.To be fair, I would like to add that their phone staff have always been delightful. So that and the limitations of yelp are the only reason they get a star.  I will update after I have my service, hopefully they are worth the inconvenience and irritation.
Here's a dissss-gusting one for you.  Picture this.... 1993, Highschool, floating down the Salt River with a light buzz (who doesn't drink on the river  Even 7 year olds are plastered) and my friend asks me what happend to my leg  Why the bandaid  I thought that was strange... nothing happened to my leg, I didn't have on a bandaid.  But I did.... it wasn't mine, it must have been in the water and it stuck to side of my leg with my ass firmly planted in the tube and my gams dangling in the water.  UGHHHHHH... I almost threw up, but instead I drank another warm keystone light and made it all better. Never again.
What a dump.  One star for scenery but thats it.  Drunken morons, stoners, fights, and police.  I also think that "Girls with Low self-esteem" was filming there.  Nasty people.  Find something else to do.
Look...I'm sorry...but I just don't get it. I like water, I like nature, intertubes are A-Ok in my book...so why do I loath this place. Well...here are a few reasons why:-Drunk Assholes...everywhere. I can't stand annoying drunk people, and this place is a mecca for it. Whether it's the overweight frat guy or the backwoods overly-tanned middle aged yokul...everyone is drunk; and everyone is f*cking annoying as all hell.-Dirty Water. I mean...seriously, I couldn't wait to take a bath once I left. Someone else in another review talked about getting a band-aid that was floating in the water stuck to them...doesn't surprise me.-Getting burnt. I don't care what anyone says...you can slather on SPF -1000 sunscreen every five minutes...you're gonna leave here hurting. Blistering summertime heat in AZ...floating down a river for hours and hours...common sense says this just isn't a great idea. -Scratching your ass on rocks. If you've been there you know about this...sometimes while floating, the water level gets a little low and you have to really make an effort to lift your ass out of the middle of the intertube to avoid jagged rocks beneath...or else pain awaits...if you don't heed this advice...sorry...you're leaving with a bloody asshole that day. Well...I could keep going here...Bottom Line: Just go to Sunsplash or Waterworld for God's sake...this place is not worth the hassle. The Lazy River at any waterpark completely OWNS this experience in my opinion.
If I can give this shity experience a BIG FAT ZERO, I would. I don't see why people drive hours and hours away from their homes to go sit in dirty ass water. The experience was super extremely  terrible for me. I got so burnt after plastering on so much sun tan lotion. Then  I hit a rock in the middle of the dirty filthy water and almost drowned from the current that kept pushing me and your not sure if it's shallow and it's really 12ft deep. Luckily I know how to swim and the few people who actually helped me thank god. I honestly don't know how people can mix alchol, sun and a crazy ass river. Then the tube gets crazy hot from sitting in the sun and you burn the hell out of your arms on the plastic. Then when your getting near the little currents it gets mega shallow then your ass just rubs on a bunch of rocks and your back and ass get bumped and scratched. How could people seriously enjoy that. Then there is no supervision from anyone from SALT RIVER TUBING AND RECREATION when people do drowned who don't know how to swim. This is seriously a dangerous experience. And the horses who run wildly free and take craps in the water. SO GROSS. Then when exiting it was so hard it says 4 to exit but its so hard cause its near a current where it just keeps dragging you and pushing you in and it's very shallow so when you do jump off your legs get hurt and scratched. This was seriously was a waste of money and scary experience for me. I FREAKIN ALMOST DIED HERE. Is this place even legit cause you can only pay cash of $15.00 No Taxes Does the state really even know about this place I would never come back here again.
We arrived at SRTR around 11am.  We paid for our tubes, left my Driver's License, and stood in line behind a big group of people awaiting the next bus.  As the three of us stood there with our $15 rental tubes, a girl ducked under the caution tape and joined the group of people behind us.  I noted it as odd, but did not think it was alarming.  When the bus arrived, we all packed inside.  We were instructed to stack the tubes 5 high and have a seat..  The ride up to the first drop off point was pleasant and I chit-chatted with the group of people who'd gotten on the bus behind us.  In our conversation, I discovered they were also starting at the second drop off point because the girl who snuck in line had dropped off her boyfriend there.The bus stopped and the first group of people wanted to be let off.  Everyone exited except the three of us.  My two friends did not have a tube and I alerted them to the fact that there were no other tubes left on the bus.  I stayed on with inner tube in hand.  They hopped off and retrieved two tubes.  The group that had been behind us in line got back on the bus and we all stacked the tubes 5 high again.  There were a total of 12 tubes.  My friends had their tubes in front of them and mine was in the pile.  I took one off the top and placed it on top of my friends' tubes.  Then, a girl said they were short a tube.  They accused me of stealing it!  Since there are no markings to designate which tube belongs with which person, there was no real way to say, "This tube right here is MINE."  The group began to argue with me.  I held my ground, but one of the men snatched my tube from the top of our pile and placed it back on their pile.  I was livid.  The bus driver refused to get involved in any way, stating we were each responsible for our own tube.  As we all crowded off of the bus, I took a tube.  Each of my friends had a tube.  I thought everything was going to be ok.  No, no it was not.  As soon as the bus driver pulled away, a guy rushed me and grabbed for my tube.  I tried to step away from him, but there was a wall of rock.  I guarded my tube.  He came at me again.  I put my hand on his chest, blocking him from stealing my tube.  Then, another man approached me from behind and tried to get the tube away from me.  I threw myself on the ground on top of my tube.  They both came after me as I held the tube as tightly as I could.  They were about to drag the tube, dragging me over the gravel.  My friend relinquished her tube in order to stop the conflict that was quickly escalating into assault.  Of course, the men yelled curse words at me, calling me nasty names.  They thanked her for her tube, effectively thanking her for letting them steal a tube for the ride down the river.  We stood to the side and let the group head to the bank and get in the water first, so we would not have to deal with any future conflict with them.The entire ride I was thinking about the SRTR policy that states, "The charge is $30 per tube for lost or stolen tubes payable immediately, CASH ONLY.  Any license that has not been redeemed due to LostStolen unpaid tubes at the end of a normal business day will be turned over to the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office for collection and prosecution."  I was scared.  I did not have the money and SRTR had my ID.  People were traveling in huge barges of tubes tied together with rope; as large as twenty tubes!  Many of my fellow tubers were completely wasted drunk.  The staff at SRTR did check coolers for glass,.  They have a warning on the website about not consuming alcohol, but they allow it to be brought on the water by the cooler-load.  I saw a woman riding on her belly with her face super close to the water and her eyes rolling back in her head.  She looked like she was passing out.  If she had, she would have easily drowned before her friends even noticed.  People were jumping off of the side of a cliff into maybe less than 5 feet of water.  Others were egging them on with delight.  I vowed to never again travel the Salt River on a Saturday. It was a short ride back to the tube rental return.  When we told the staff member what happened, she gave me the, "We're supposed to charge you for the inner tube," face.  She said, "Well, let me go talk to the manager.  I'll be right back."  Thank goodness she related a positive message upon her return, "This time you will not be charged, but next time keep a better eye on your tube."  I told her I had no idea it was going to be so brutal and she just shrugged, moving on to the next person in line.While Salt River Tubing & Recreation did make an exception to the fee policy, it was not enough for me to walk away from this experience with a positive feeling.  I'm anxious to get in my own kayak and paddle someplace other than Salt River.  Fun and relaxation are the reasons I like to get on the water.  This adventure was neither fun, nor relaxing.
Negative stars! Ugh, seriously, how can anyone give this place any stars at all I guess if you're white trash andor an alcoholic, you'll like the experience. I've done it once and I will never ever do it again, even if someone paid me. I've heard stories of people getting limbs amputated because they got cut in the river and the NASTY condition of the water got in their system and caused an awful infection. My hubby's old coworker fell off his tube and ended up swallowing a bunch of the water and came down with some sort of flesh eating disease. There are also bodies at the bottom that have never been found after they jumped off the cliff and died. Um, yeah! Absolutely THE WORST, most revolting experience I've ever had. This place should definitely be condemned and shut down.
Awful, awful, awful service...  Enjoy the Salt river on your own..  Do not depend on the dim wits that work at the rental place. They have no idea what they're doing, and the "supervisor" (that looks like an overweight backstreet boy reject) had no business talking to other humans..
Went there Sunday at 1 p.m. and were turned away--told the river is too shallow to make the 2 hour trip before closing.  Hmm, just had record rainfall, busloads of people returning from tubing, river looks as deep as I've ever seen it.  Not a good way to treat customers.  Update your website if you're going to pull this sort of thing.  Have been here before and had great time; not sure what's up with this business now.  They WERE selling bus rides to people who brought their own tubes.  Odd.
First of all, there's hardly any information online on hours and rental prices so after getting lost for a little bit trying to find the place we ended up getting there at 2:45. We get there only to find out that they only take cash (information that is not available on the website) and that we would have to drive 7 miles down the road to the nearest ATM and be back by the time they close rentals at 3:30 (also not on the website). We did that and got back at 3:15 only to find that they decided to close early for the day after specifically telling us that they would be open until 3:30. We essentially wasted 3 hours of our time and a lot of money in gas and all we got were coupons for $10 rentals in the future. WE DIDN'T EVEN GET TO GO DOWN THE RIVER. Waste of time, waste of a day, horrible customer service. I would rate 05 if I could, but because they are the only game in town I suppose I have no choice to go back Side note: $17 for a tube rental is a ridiculous price for a piece of rubber and a 5 minute bus ride.
Make no mistake, this is a booze cruise and is not family friendly.  We had observed the booze cruise of tubes from one of the recreation areas along the Salt River, but still wanted to give it a try as my daughter was finally old enough to go.  We thought that father's day might be a little tamer than the usual outing.  Who knows, it might have been.  Everyone brings marshmallows and litters them throughout the river.  One group had marshmallows the size of bricks.  I had to pick up one to figure out what it was.  Drunk people will also shot their water guns at you for fun, even if you have a small child.  Probably because they are drunk.  Some children through some water balloons at my wife.  When she confronted them, the father asked her what she was going to do about it.  This is a good representation of the type of people on the river.  I can see how this would be fun for social drinks, with or without kids, I suppose.  Bring your alcohol, and when you're done with a can, throw it into the river.  The bottom is lined with cans.  No glass is allowed.  It is also expensive for tubing compared to other tubing trips I've been on.  But guess what folks, that's how a monopoly operates.  High prices and poor customer service.
There is no way I am going to rent from this place ever again and I would not even advice anyone to do so either. They are very unprofessional and very rude. When we called them to make a booking they were so eager to take our money that they did not even go through the "RULES" that they have or they can make when they want. They did not tell us that they will charge us for the early pickup. And when we call them early they said they will charge us $60 for the early pickup.  And even when they told us that they will be there at 2pm they did not make it here till 2:20 and we were waiting in the sun in 95degree heat for them to come and pick their stuff up. EVERYONE IN THE COMPANY IS VERY MONEY MINDED.
Normally we love the white water center.  It is a GREAT place for rafting, kayaking, rock climbing, mtn bike riding, etc and my kids love it.  The issue is that we booked their private conf area for a large family event (~200 people) over 6 months ago and were told that there would not be any other events that evening.  3 weeks before the event (in the middle of weddinggraduation season) we find out from a friend that they have a large public concert event scheduled that same night.  Not only is that a major issue  conflict with our event, BUT they didn't even inform us of this.  They offered no flexibility and no apology for this.  On this short notice we had to find another venue as we were not happy with competing with a large public concert for an important family event.  I would discourage anyone from booking a private event there.
Beer lines take forever. Staff doesn't care either. Stay away on a Thursday or holiday!
U.S. National Whitewater Center5000 Whitewater Center ParkwayCharlotte, NC  28214To whom it may concern,I made an honest mistake this evening at the US National Whitewater Center, a business I've supported since its grand opening in 2006.  The manner in which the situation was handled left my wife and I stranded with two dogs, no way to get home, and cost hundreds of dollars to correct.  As a business owner who values their patrons, there is no way my customers would receive this kind of treatment. On Thursday evenings there is a large turnout.  Tonight was no exception; the parking lots are full.  As you drive near front entrance there are people going back and forth to their cars with: kids, dogs, lawn chairs, church buses, taxis, etc entering the facility.  To the right of the main entrance there are a few parking areas in a dirt lot.  This is the area where I have parked my car for years.  When the area gets full people routinely park beside the roadway in the grass.  Tonight this is where I parked.   What I did not notice in the midst of the commotion upon entering was the addition of signage stating no parking past this point.   As we parked the car a USNWC employee was standing 15 feet away looking directly at me, who smiled as we gathered our two dogs and exited the car.  We then let the dogs visit a few trees, still a stone's throw from the employee and the car.  Upon leaving at 8:45pm I noticed the car was not there.   First thought was it had been stolen, then I saw the signs "no parking, towing enforced".   I then wondered how many times I have parked there before with that sign glaring at me.The front desk keeps tabs on cars they have towed, so it didn't take long to discover that was what happened.   They provided me with the towing company's information.   I've never been towed before, so I had no idea what to expect.   The conversation with the towing company was very disturbing. Yes, we have your car but we close in 15 minutes and if you aren't here before then, you cannot get it until tomorrow.   The USNWC isn't exactly bustling with taxis at this point in time, nor is it very close to anything.   A taxi was dispatched immediately, but who knows how long that takes.   I told the towing company I would call them back as soon as I was on my way.  Several employees from the USNWC were nearby and overheard how cumbersome all this had quickly become.  What now had to happen: get a cab for my wife and I plus two large dogs, get to the towing company in 15 minutes, have hundreds of dollars (cash only), provide proof of registration, proof of insurance, copy of driver's license.  Time was the biggest concern as there was just no way manage all this and have any hopes of getting my car back this evening.   I had never thought of it before, but taxi's are not pet friendly.   When it showed up, I took the taxi and my wife plus dogs stayed behind waiting for friends on the east side of Charlotte to pick them up.   By the time I arrived at the towing company, the owner agreed to have someone onsite, provided I met their requirements to retrieve my car.  Friends met me there with cash, I had my insurance card matching the VIN of the car, have my car keys, had paperwork in the car with my name and address on them.  With all this, plus me being frantic and stranded at the location they towed my car from: "No can do without: title, bill of sale, or registration receipt".   Given I want all of these to be in a safe place, I do not keep them in the car.  Long story short, I'm not getting my car tonight and I will not make that business meeting at 8am across town.   Having said all that, I realize that I parked in a spot marked no parking. In between realizing my car had been towed and the taxi showing up, I spoke to the manager of the USNWC about my situation.  I asked how long the no parking signage had been there.   He advised it was installed about one month ago.  There is little point in debating the merits of the circumstance at this point because the damage is done.  Nevertheless, I asked if they knew the policy was recently changed, would it be reasonable to put a sticky note on my window indicating the policy recently changed and you cannot park here anymore.  No answer.Why did I write this in the first place  For starters, I'm upset for not seeing the sign and for parking where I shouldn't have.   What upsets me more is a business I had a connection with for years let me down.   Respect for one's customers is what every business should strive for.  A simple warning sticky-note on the window, or a yell "hey read that sign" would have made my day.  Instead I may never return to a place I have hung out with friends for years.  I hold no illusion my experience will affect business there one way or another.   More than anything I find it disrespectful.   I believe those actions give insight to the inner workings of the facility and how its customers are valued.
Had a great day here.  Lots to do: hiking, kayaking,  zip line,  etc. Trails could be marked better as could directions to the different "gear-up"  spots.  Low review is for their customer service.  Apparently it is their policy not to issue refunds of any kind.  I bought an event ticket I wasn't able to use (for zip lining).  They told me it wasn't their policy to issue any refunds.  I can understand not issuing bracelet refunds if you're unsatisfied with an event.  But I hadn't even done my event and had the ticket to show.  We had to leave.  They told me to come back any time,  my ticket is good for a year.  I explained I live in California and they had no other suggestions.  Point is,  a blanket no refund policy doesn't work and is poor customer service.  There are certainly times when a refund is appropriate. If I hadn't paid cash,  I'd would've refused the credit charge. Bummer.  I would recommend waiting to buy an event ticket when you're absolutely sure you'll be doing it.
Kayaking the Colorado River is awesome, this company is not the right one to choose though ...    The van driverowner of the biz basically ruined our trip; he handed us all this paperwork that included some unreal waivers of responsibility (such a $400 fee should we be late for our 3:30pm pick up time, which was originally agreed to be 4:00 pm) and we just wanted to know what that waiver was for ...     After agreeing to sign the docs and everything he wanted, he decided not to rent the kayaks to us ... : In addition he added " ... and so you know, I don't even have to give you a ride back to the hotel ...". This was at the bottom of the hoover dam, and he was threatening us with leaving us right there in the middle of nowhere.    I should have read the reviews about this company before purchasing, since other people had similar experiences...    There seem to be some 5 stars rating here too, which is surprising to me, they seem to describe the experience of kayaking the river, rather than the company itself ...
I was really excited for the tour, and in defense of the company I was told it was non-refundable. The night before the tour I lost my cell phone and slept in past the shuttle pick up at 8:45 AM. They waited for me for 15 minutes and tried to get in touch with me. I called them 20 minutes past the shuttle pick-up at 9:05, and confessed about losing my phone and tried pleading with them since I had paid $300.00 for myself and a friend. I asked three options to work with them; Can I take a cab to the launching point Can I  reschedule the tour for tomorrow and lastly of course, can I get a refund  This surprising response I got was one containing profanities, and it was insulting and degrading. I was completely shocked by their unwillingness to work with me and their unprofessionalism. It is in your best interest to find another kayaking company in the area.
Unfortunately, unless you use the City of Tempe or buy your own paddle boards, this seems to be the only rental for SUPs and kayaks on Tempe Town Lake. Price was good for the service they offer. My issue is the customer service which was rude. I can understand if someone is having a bad day but not when it's through more than one interaction. The female employee that I encountered on the telephone and then in person made me uninterested in returning here in the future.. I would choose one of the other lakes to rent and do water play on. And, encourage others to do the same.I brought a large group of first time paddleboarders and she treated each of us rudely- as if we were a big pain and clearly a waste of her time. It was very uncomfortable, so we didn't say anything at the time. I don't stand for this kind of customer service- it's not worth my time. In this day and age, how you treat your customers is super important in creating a business that is supposed to be a fun experience.
Saw the prices for a paddle boat, $15 on a regular day. Rented one for 4th of July, $75 and $100 for every 15 minutes past 10pm. Absolute rip off. No wonder there was only 5 other boats on the lake. Would NOT rent from them any day simply because of this price hike.
the owner is worthless... i spent 8 hours straight tinting their bus (no lunch, no bathroom breaks, no breaks period!) trying to get their bus tinted on short notice at that... what do i get get for payment NOTHING!!! the owner and his employee (which are both twice my size) try to haggle the price down to nothing. finally when the price goes so low my time was better spent taking all the tint off, they both corner me in the bus and tell me if i don't leave they're going to throw me off the bus... sounds crazy right my only advice is carry a firearm if you're a private business owner, because the cops are going to tell you to file a lawsuit and take it up in court... nothing like working a full day in the arizona heat for no pay... i hope the owner burns in hell in that fu*&^ng bus...
Surprised that this is still listed, they have been closed for a couple of years now... Hmmm..
Don't bother trying to go to the location at 500 N 56th St, Chandler, AZ 85226. This is not a physical "store". However, you can call the number and someone will answer. They just don't sell to the public.
I needed some slings for my JBL speargun. The shop had a decent supply of speargun slings, but not the particular size or brand I needed. The sales guy said he could order them and it would take about a week. So I gave him my contact information and he said he would call me when the slings arrived. Two weeks go by and no call from El Mar Dive Shop. I decided to head over to the shop and check on my order. The same guy who said he would order the slings tells me he forgot to place the order. He asked if I still wanted him to place the order, reluctantly I said ok. Again, he takes down my contact information and tells me he will give me a call when the slings arrive in about a week. Three weeks go by and again no call from El Mar. So again I decide to head over to the shop to check on my order. This time the same guy, I didn't get his name, says the slings arrived. I asked him why I didn't get a phone call, he acted surprised and said somebody should have called. He then lays the slings on the counter, but they are not the size that I ordered. He then tells me that the company they order from, Trident, only makes them in certain sizes and they didn't have my size. So this guy went ahead and ordered the wrong size for me anyway and then tried to sell them to me. I said no thanks and walked out. I always try to do business with local merchants. These days, with the economy the way it is, one would think that a business, especially a dive shop in the desert, would provide better customer service to earn peoples' repeat business. Forgetting to place my order, failure to call me twice after saying they would, ordering the wrong size merchandise...three (actually four) strikes...YOU'RE OUT, El Mar!
Some of the most incompetent and irritating people i've ever met. I have had to drive back to the store 5 times in the last week because of things they forgot to give me or tell me while I was there the previous time. They did not tell me anything about what the pool dive would entail or how it would be 8 hours so I showed up with out a lunch. They also didn't tell me that I needed to set up the gear 5 times before the pool dive while I was there picking up my gear at the store so they called and told me I had to come back and set it up. I couldn't make it back for the 4th time before my pool dive so I went anyways to the dive the next day. I showed up at the pool, no one was there. When the instructor did arrive she said she received a call saying that I wouldn't be coming since I didn't pick up my gear. Are you kidding me She let me spend 8 hours in the smallest pool with 10 other people but made be put together and take apart the gear 5 times before she would sign my log book. It was a long day. So the next day I headed back to ALL WET SCUBA to return my gear, they give me no help unloading the heavy tanks, BCD, and weights. She forgot to sign my diver's log the first time for the online portion so I handed it to her and she said she couldn't sign it because she wasn't my dive instructor. I said "I know, you never signed off on the learning portion." She laughed as in wasting my time coming back and forth so many times was hilarious. With my log book signed and gear returned I breathed a sigh of relief that I was done dealing with them and never had to come back. But this morning I wake up to a text that I have to return back to the shop YET AGAIN to pick up a referral. I wanted to say,"is this something I could have picked up yesterday!" I wasn't planning on writing a review but this was one of the most frustrating experiences I've had to deal with. I would recommend finding a different dive shop 100%
I found All Wet Scuba when I was given the Groupon for their Scuba Certification Class. I have mixed feelings about the certification course. It was relatively easy to complete the course, however, there were several things during the course that left me feeling like I could have chosen better. Those incidents included being sent to the lake with less than properly filled tanks, one of the Tanks was filled to only 1200 psi, which led me to believe that they gave me a depleted tanks. When I reported this to the Owner of the shop, Brett, his response was along the lines of "Oh well, what do you want me to do about it" Another incident was, after sizing the wetsuit and reserving wetsuit and BCD, the bundle bundle of equipment that they set aside for me to take to the lake [over an hour away] was the wrong size. If not for an earlier class leaving and letting me borrow the properly sized gear, I would have spent the time and gas for nothing.  After completing my Open Water Certification and then Advanced, I voiced my desire for gear and that I did not want expensive gear to start [the courses had cost me 900.00 at this point]. I was offered used equipment that is used in their rental fleet for a whopping $10.00 the new price for gear that had been used hundreds of times. I hope my poor experience serves as a warning to you as to the business practices of the owner, who is half the time not completely sober; also very scary to find in a shop where the gear he passes you could cost you your life or very least your safety! There are many other scuba shops around, I will not point you to one of them, only away from this one!
This made my day. I think he woke up on the wrong side of the bed. Haha "Hello Allie,I just read your review of All Wet Scuba and it just made me laugh and laugh. I never thought anyone would take the time to show the world just how spoiled and clueless a person could be. But your proved me wrong and outed yourself. First off managing scuba gear is part of the sport. As divers we all need to be able to safely transport, set up, break down and clean our own gear. It carrying tanks is too much for you maybe you should pick another sport. Setting up the gear during pool and open water checkout dives is skills requirement set by the certifying agency PADI. It is also something you need to learn to properly do yourself to insure your safety as a diver. What is obvious to any ready is that your are a high maintenance primadona that thinks the world should wait for her. I'm sure your instructors were glad to be finished with you. What is sad is that you don't realize the quality of the instruction you received. Instead of a negative review you probably owe them a thank you just for putting up with your lazy bitchin ass." -ROBERT W.
I stopped in this weekend to pick up some snorkelling gear for my vacation.  After waiting about 15 minutes before I had to ask for help, I explained that my main goal for next summer was to take my SCUBA courses at Total Diving so I wanted to pick up a good mask and snorkel.  Though I'm only snorkelling, this year, I wanted to get informed as to what differentiates a mediocre set from a great set.  Sadly, in my short research of what I should purchase, it seems that I've gained more knowledge than the gentleman serving me.  He did't know what a dry snorkel was or even what a semi-dry snorkel was.  This was disturbing, considering that's all they had in stock.  Instead, he showed me a bunch of cheap, basic, semi-dry snorkels and pointed out that they were dry.  Sadly, they were not.Considering their less than impressive knowledge level in the most basic of diving equipment, I decided not to purchase anything and visit some of the other dive shops in Montreal, this week.  I've also decided to do my research, in greater depth, to find a place to take my courses, next summer, because it certainly won't be here.  If you don't know the difference between snorkels, I'm not sure I want to put my life in your hands.Less than confidence inspiring, guys...
Horrible!! I bought a deal on living social for the 2 hour introductory class and was looking forward to it because I wanted to get my certification and figured this was a great way to get exposed.  After calling once, the girl said, to email Gary because she doesn't do any scheduling, so I emailed, no response, a few days later, call again and left message, no call back, and then sent another email, and finally the response came back as ...Due to the loss of my pool it is no longer cost effective for me to run this promotion. Please contact the original vendor for a refund.Wow, seriously,  not even an "I am sorry" or even, can I offer you a credit towards the certification I will spend my money elsewhere, don't do business with people who are not responsive and show poor customer service skills.
Absolutely horrific experience! If you want to live GO SOME WHERE ELSE!   I bought 2 groupons in the beginning of the year to get open water certified w scuba magic.  From the beginning it was  rushed. Class room time was a power point of highlighted features and Nothing was discussed in detail and lots of sections were skipped.  He does not even have a  pool. He rents pool time from Legions.  Our pool training was scheduled in Feb....very cold time of the year.  The rented pools heater was broken but rather than postponing the 8 hour class he decided to make everyone suffer in 63 degree water. wetsuit or not we were all freezing.  After being in the pool for over 3 hours i experienced vertigo and almost blacked out under water.  He laughed it off and made jokes about it in front of the entire class. Very Unprofessional. i became extremely dizzy and nauseated and decided for my own safety to not continue w the class. Later that evening 2 doctors, one being a DAN doctor stated that Gary, owner of Scuba Magic put everyone in danger by exposing them to such cold temperatures for such a prolonged amount of time. His complete disregard for our safety made us continue with our course and become fully certified with another reputable scuba shop.  They even had their own indoor heated pool. Pay a little extra and get properly trained. DONT RISK YOUR LIFE W SCUBA MAGIC!! You only live once.
Beware - they lie! I've never used scuba equipment before, and they are supposed to be the experts. They are only experts at taking your money. You can not return any items. Too many people in the class. We had 2 people quit because they couldn't get assistance.
I am sad that this is the only baking superstore in my vicinity. Perhaps if this store were located among the many craft and culinary boutiques in the heart of Stepford (aka the East Valley), it would not be so highly rated and flocked to in throngs. I've only attempted to shop here thrice but each time I have been unable to find any of the things I had been looking for. I felt snubbed by the baking ladies who'd rather cackle amongst themselves about whose cardiologist was potentially worse than help a customer find a product. Instead I blindly searched and was waved off to an area where the items "might be" and when happening upon an "out of stock" label on a lonely shelf, was offered no further assistance on how I might acquire said missing item in the future. I left the bakery as I had come in, without a greeting and without notice. It's a shame this place blows so badly because it does smell amazing!
Now don't get me wrong, the cakes are absolutely gorgeous and they are moist, but they are cloyingly sweet and "single noted". With the rave reviews they had I thought I would splurge and pick one up for a family get together, but I was sorely disappointed. I could have made the same (or better) from a packaged cake mix and saved the $35.
You can get a better cake at Safeway for half the price (and I am not really a big fan of Safeway cake, but you get my point).  This place is a joke - don't believe the hype. Stay away from the overly-sugary nasty baked thing that does not deserve to be called 'cake'. Don't eat the free tasters, don't fall for the packaging and the fancy looking bakery. If you are this desperate for cake, seriously, just go to Safeway.
Just had some about 5 minutes ago. No.
A friend bought a red velvet cake for a party.  Under duress I took a bite to be polite.  It was everything I dreaded and more.  This time it was also gummy and stuck to the roof of my mouth.  The gift that keeps on giving.
I didn't like this place. Red Velvet cake is my favorite, so me and my boyfriend are always trying to find a good one. First of all, this place looks more like a boutique than an actual cake place. Second of all, the Red Velvet didn't even taste like Red Velvet. It just taste like a bland chocolate cake.
I sampled a pecan praline bundt before ordering and then took one back to the room.  It turned out to be stale and tasteless.
Very upset today by the poor service received the manager and store clerk who could not locate my order and indirectly stated I must have ordered from the wrong store!  Which is incorrect seeing as I had spent  over $65 on two cakes two weeks prior. I would have not accepted the cake they all of a sudden found had it not been for a coworkers birthday.
Seems to be a recurring theme that the ownermanager of this particular branch is rude to customers.  The ONE star is for her attitude.  Maybe she should read Yelp and get her act together.I love NBC, but the only one I have used is the one in 'Tukee.I'd advise that one if you want good, polite service.The Chocolate Chocolate Chip cake is AWESOME.  And the Red Velvet is above decent, also.Prices are high, but worth it in taste.The food is 4.5 stars for sure.
As a family, we love the cakes here, but bad business practice has us refusing to patronize them any more.My mother in law had a coupon to use and ordered a cake.  When she picked up the cake, she was told that she couldn't use the coupon, it was only for DECORATED cakes.  So she held onto it.A friend's birthday came along and she thought it was the perfect opportunity to use the coupon -- she could get a decorated cake for her friend!  So she ordered a decorated cake.And was told again that she could not use the coupon.  No real reason why, just that she couldn't.  Twice she spent good money at the location, and neither time would they honor the coupon.  And there was no attempt to make her happy.  I mean, it was a simple coupon.  It basically covered the cost the decoration.  Why not just give her the discount and keep the customer  And the associate told her that it had happened to other people who were probably also unhappy.... then why hasn't anything been done to rectify the situationDisingenuous business practices lead to loss of customers.
I wanted to buy my mom a mini cake after she just had surgery. I went into the store placed my order and pulled out my phone to show the groupon, I had been saving for the right moment. As the young red head was ringing me up she looked at the other young girl next to her then proceeded to explain that the groupon was only available at the Indian school NBC "to bring business". Funny. The groupon clearly states that it's only good at the listed location. It only listed the Scottsdale NBC. I had to clarify with the red head that there's nothing she can do about a mistake on behalf of the business. She replied "nope". No affection at all.  How unfortunate. It's impossible to run a business with crappy customer service. I've been a customer at this store for years now. This was the straw that broke the camels back. Bye bye.
I stopped in to the shop on a week day in the morning to discuss having a wedding cake done with them and to set up a tasting. They handed me a brochure and told me to look things up online. They told me to fill out their online form, which I did when I got home. I met Wade at the store and he said they were available on my wedding date. BUT I have not heard back from them! I received an email receipt for my online form request saying they'd get back to me in 48 hours... It's been exactly 2 weeks and ivd heard nothing. Disappointed to say the least.
Worst cupcakes ever...especially for the price you pay.  They did not taste well, were not very big for the price you pay, and do not have that great of a variety.  Gigi's cupcakes are so much better and cost the same as cupcakes a go go.  You definitely get what you pay for at Gigi's, the variety is amazing and they are always fresh, the store is clean, and the workers are extremely nice and helpful.  I was extremely disappointed with cupcakes a go go and will never go back.  I couldn't even finish the cupcakes after taking a bite they were that gross.  And don't even think about buying them from Metcalfe's grocery store as most of them have been sitting there for a week or more.  Gross!
The frosting is cream cheese.  I hate cream cheese. No where on their display does it say cream cheese frosting.  It's suppose to be buttercream!!!
I flew in on business from San Francisco. I was there Wednesday. It was easy to find within the mall. Ibought myself two birthday cupcakes, a Red Velvet (I was told it's their best seller) and a Triple Chocolate. The cupcakes are pricey but also bigger than most (they're damned near Costco-size).I was disappointed. I love a good cupcake and was maybe expecting too much (what with all the high ratings). The cake portion of each cupcake was moist, fresh and quite tasty (cake deserves 4 stars). The frosting, however, surprised me (and not in a good way...I would give no stars).Triple Chocolate - I expected to bite into thick, rich, creamy chocolate buttercream...what I got was a whipped-chocolate topping (a sad substitute, for my taste buds). Red Velvet-I expected a rich cream cheese frosting and (AGAIN!) got a whipped topping that tasted little like a cream cheese frosting.I won't return here on my next trip. I'll try another place (even if I have to drive some miles) or get my cupcake fix in san Francisco.
Been wanting to try to this place out. Staff was friendly, store was very cute, cupcakes look like a work of art BUT, this place is deceiving!! Most unappealing cupcakes I've ever had. They may look like delicious but they are far from it. First of all, I used to live in NJ, near a Mr. Cupcakes shop and their cupcakes were so freakin delicious, you want to put the whole thing in your mouth in one shot. Not to mention they are only $1.50 each. Sweet Daddy cupcakes are much bigger so I get that they are more expensive but for $3.50 each I was expecting to be blown away. Bought 4 cupcakes (because it's cheaper that way) got home, two of them were toppled over in the box and frosting fell off. They are too top heavy with all of that frosting. Every single one of them had the most God awful icing. Even though they were all different flavors, all of the icings tasted exactly the same!! Could not tell the difference between any of the flavors. Sugary, gross, flat, flavorless icing. The cakes were not dry, but not too moist either and they were so damn big. Who could eat a cupcake that big with that much icing The best way that I could put it is that they tasted like something you could make from a store bought cupcake mix with store bought icing, no wait, I take that back, because store bought cupcakes and icing actually taste so much better than these!! We ended up tossing them all into the trash. A waste of $12. Will be on the hunt for a REAL cupcake bakery because this is definitely not it. I promise you that all of the people who have written good reviews have never tasted a REAL cupcake before so unfortunately this is all they know. Trust me there is better out there. This place is a joke. Don't let the appearance fool you like I did.
If you like the way cake mix from a box tastes then this is the place for you. I felt like I could've easily made these at home.
I am not a fan of Gigi's cupcakes. I went there expecting to have a delicious cupcake and coffee and customer service. Not to be found at this place. First off they were sold out of a lot of cupcakes so that limited the options. Secondly, we ordered a cupcake and a cafe au lait and neither were good. The coffee literally tasted like water with a hint of skim milk. Everything is served in styrofoam, even the cupcakes, which really makes the presentation points go way down. The day we went was apparantly customer appreciation day and you could spin a wheel to get something free. After we finished eating and went up to the register to pay they said I could spin the wheel and I spun the wheel really slow and it landed on 'free water', the employee suggested I spin the wheel again faster this time and I won a 'free tasting of frosting'. Because I was already stuffed from the cupcake and it was a hot day outside and I was thirsty I asked if I could have the free water instead. She looked at me sternly and said 'no'. Wow this spin the wheel deal is pretty serious stuff I guess. After telling me that she pointed at my empty styrofoam cup and then over to a garbage can at the other end of the store and said: 'The garbage can is over there'. Wow such much for customer service. I do not plan on being back. I also don't think this employee is a good representative for your store. I just don't expect cranky and downright rude people to work at a cupcake store.
Come on guys, really I actually just finished this cupcake that I was really excited to try and I am glad to say that at least I didn't buy more than one. That was the sorriest excuse for a cupcake I have ever experienced. Well, probably not EVER ever, but at least in a long time. I had no idea this place existed until two days ago, even though my gym is in the same complex. I saw a friend post pictures of cupcakes on facebook and stalked until someone asked where she got them. Upon finding out, I went to look them up and convinced my husband we needed to try them. After the amazing experience I have had at Mind Over Batter in Tempe, I wasn't expecting what I got today.We walk in and the first thing we see, and I should have taken this as a bad sign, are three very large, old women buying dozens of cupcakes. Apparently they have two different sizes, large and standard, and when one of these large old women asked why in the world anyone would ever want a standard sized cupcake, my husband commented to me "because of obesity." I still laugh about his comment. These cupcakes are larger than necessary and I am sure loved by all those overweight, but they should have the standard size out for those of us who don't feel like eating 5 12 oz of cupcake in a single sitting. I ordered the strawberry cupcake because that is what I base every cake company on, and my husband ordered the fox 10 cupcake. The whole time workers kept trying to give us forks even though twice I told them I didn't want one. Were they trying to tell me something I don't know. They also didn't seem very friendly at all. The credit card machine also takes FOREVER! We drive down to my husbands school where we were heading and start to dig in. The frosting is SO gritty. It is also covered in glitter, which I didn't find appealing. And why the hell is there so much of it I scraped off all of the frosting and just ate the cake, which was also just as bad. I didn't try my husbands cake, which was chocolate, but mine was weird and tasted a lot like kool-aid or fruit punch, or something. I have never had a strawberry cupcake taste so artificial. Oh wait, yes I have. Its called a box mix. It tasted just like it came out of a box. There were red chunks of something in my cake batter. Not sure what the hell those were. Gummies Not real strawberries that's for sure. What a waste of $7. Please, for God sakes. Hit up Mind Over Batter in Tempe if you want a really good cupcake. This place does not deliver at all.
I don't understand why there are different reviews on the app and different ones on the computer but okay.If you like sugar, sugar and more sugar flavor then you have come to the right place. These are huge cupcakes for 3.25 which I like, with tons of frosting which I also like. However the cakes are missing one important ingredient: moisture and authentic flavor.The red velvet cupcake tastes very artificial and I sincerely doubt there was any cocoa in it. It tasted like artificial flavoring and food coloring. To say it tasted like Duncan Hines is an insult to Duncan Hines. The chocolate cake was the same, lacking moisture and taste. The frosting on the red velvet is supposed to have a rich, creamy cream cheese frosting but the frosting was more like powdered sugar with butter. That's it, just a sugar flavor.The chocolate frosting was the same, no chocolate taste hardly in the frosting, only sugar. I feel terrible we wasted over $7 on cupcakes in this place. Is says, "As seen on Cupcake Wars" on the door and they have other locations in the valley. I am not sure if it is this location only or not but they need to improve. Fresh N' Easy has better cupcakes than this place from the Hermosa Baking Co. and that's sad considering this place specializes in cupcakes and they cannot even get that right.
My mistake that I went to Namaste India with my cousin. Pappad were served in the beginning and that was the only moment we could afford a smile! Rest was a complete disaster..We ordered aloo tikki and "much recommended" samosa Chaat!!  Samosa chaat was cold to touch- looked like a heap of poorly cooked samosa.. worse was the RED CHILLI powder used as garnishing ( we asked it to be a bit spicy- our fault) ..that too in plenty... we could have used that amount of red chiili powder for cooking food for some 6-7 people!! Taste was below average...we could barely think of ordering main course after the initial encounter.. Malai kofta is what we ordered besides daal... Malai Kofta looked like stuffed with samosa!! ( Pun intended) ... bland and tasteless.. NAAN were good ..thin , baked properly...out only consolation... No wonder we left half of the  ordered dishes...Worth mentioning is the fact that..Kohli's store is adjacent and we saw some samosas there..I wonder if the ones we had at namaste were part of the same deal Please beware of this place- you may end up cursing yourself for your visit later on... as we are doing right now...
This was probably one of the worst places I've eaten at in a while . I'm not sure what was worse food or service . Never again , the coupon we bought and weren't allowed to use left on the table
I have dined at Namaste for the final time.  I am tired of being served by an individual that does not speak: who treats the customer with disdain and indifference.  The words "thank you" and "how are you" are not part of the lexicon here.  The buffet items reflect economizing.  Virtually no cauliflower is used, thus my favorite dish, aloo gobi, is never offered..  There sometimes is no rice pudding, and in place of the India staple buffet item, chicken tandoori, the cheaper and less appealing chicken wings are offered.  It is s shame that such a beautiufl, comfortable restaurant space is being wasted.  For a mere $1.01 more, I can receive a spectacular and delicious array of the finest Indian food in the lovely atmosphere of All India, North Craig Street, Oakland, where I receive gracious, personal attention from the owners.
I wish I could give this place "-5" stars for its terrible food quality. Oily, greasy and bad taste. All 4 members of our party fell sick, throwing up andor with a running stomach.
Here is our experience on my friend's daughter's birthday party:-I and my wife attended my friend's daughter's birthday party here recently. My friend mentioned that they finalized the menu for the lunch buffet a week in advance. The restaurant chef at the last moment on the day of party, just one hour before lunch, told that they did not get the "PANEERcheese". They can substitute it for "MALAI KOFTA". It was unbelievable that they changed the dish at the last moment requested by my friends as 50% guests were vegetarian and hence need a cheese  "PANEER" entree. On the other hand the "MALAI KOFTA" was just "POTATO" in the gravy. The quality of food in this party was awfully bad. This is a humble request to all INDIAN Americans and all NON-INDIAN Americans that please don't throw your money by going to this restaurant. We are not here to misguide you or someone from a competitor restaurant. You can confirm these details with me anytime, I am engineer by profession. I was thinking to host my son's birthday party over here next month but I am lucky to get an experience before hand. I will NEVER NEVER recommend this place EVER.
Shockingly bad.  I know it's Pittsburg so my expectations were low, but there is no call for rudeness.  The old lady should retire.  The young waiter was ok but clearly  scared of the woman.   I went to the dinner buffet at 530 pm, the food was obviously left over from lunch, the rice was so old it was crunchy, all other food was very low quality and mostly cold. I always like to say something nice so the sweet carrot dish was not horrible.  My search for quality Indian food in the 'burgh continues.
I cannot believe how anyone can like this place. May be the service was bad the day I went. I walked in .... then found that the place had a smell that was not pleasant. But, I got adjusted to that in a few moments. I found only 4 or 5 items in the buffet. None of them looked fresh. I tried this place only because of the other yelp reviews. I would never go there again.
Maharaja is located in the Days Inn on Banksville Rd, and we tried it one day for lunch. Not really understanding the positive reviews here, but to each hisher own. I found the food watery, overcooked (even by Indian food standards) and tasteless. There seemed to be no care in preparation of the dishes, so that the vegetables weren't cut into the same sizes, each dish tasted much like the other, and the food didn't even look attractive. I don't mind divey surroundings, but I abhor a smelly old carpet, and they have wall to wall carpeting that was around before most of us were. They offer mango lassi which they keep in the original gallon plastic jug that they bought it in...at least pretend that you made it. There are 2 better Indian restaurants a stones throw from this place...Namaste and Mintt, both across the street.
I am disappointed.  I have lived in the neighborhood for over 6 years and I keep giving them a second chance (and a third).  The take out menu says in big letter on the front 15% off take out.  So we ordered again, although we generally get poor service and the food is average at best.  This time we ordered 2 entrees and and a few sides.  When I went to pick up the order they had given us 15% off ONE ENTREE.  So it was no discount at all.  When you mention something to them about poorly worded menu and the principle of false advertising they argue with you.  So we are done with them, no more peoples we will drive down to Taste of India from now on.
I would write a "0" review if I could. I cannot review the food. I did not get a chance to eat there. Me and my Hawaiian friend went there to grab what I heard was some great Indian food, during one of the "Unblurred" Friday evenings. The concierge looked at us disdainfully, and was talking about how the 3-4 empty tables we saw was reserved. No "reserved" signs were in sight on these tables and dude did not mention when any seating would be freed up. Whether or not he was prick or or a racist prick, I have no idea. He seemed more interested in getting us out of there than he was in trying to serve us. It is Garfield, so may be he has had issues with the local denizens causing trouble, who happen to look like me. Dunno. All the white people get to eat, we do not With the exception of the Awesome Spak Brothers, I would not bother eating anything on Penn Avenue. Ever. I spend more time focusing on the surrounding crap than I do with actually eating.
Hadn't been here in a few years and remembered I enjoyed it in undergrad, especially for late night half off. Called in advance to make sure they were open until 10 and had half off like they used to. The woman who answered the phone said yes to both so I rushed over. The portions were small, but I assumed it was because it was half price so I shrugged it off. The tomato sauce was chunky and generic, the raita side dish was 4 spoonfuls big, and the chutney dips were cold and bland. Assuming this was due to the discount, I didn't complain. Receive my check to find out it was all full price. Despite the woman telling me on the phone that it was half off, it was buy one get one half off. The woman on the phone was the same as the hostess. She admitted it was she who answered yet refused to accommodate her mistake. I don't normally feel compelled to complain but that is ridiculous. A subpar meal and subpar service in addition to false marketing. Never going back despite the fond memories I had accumulated when in school. Completely ridiculous.
5:30pm, worst Baingan Bartha I've ever had. Un-fresh and damn near flavorless all but for some powdery heat. Please invest in fresh chillies; they keep well and will make that "8" really pop with flavor.
I tried to eat here tonight using a $25 gift certificate purchased from Restaurant.com.  After waiting over 15 minutes for my server to stop by for my order, I showed her my gift certificate.  She told me they stopped taking them, however I had just purchased it 15 minutes earlier.  I spoke to the manager and he wasn't the least bit interested.  He told me Restaurant.com was a scam (I have used it before with no problems) and he hasn't been able to get in touch with them to cancel.  While I was still talking to him, he answered a call on his cell phone without even saying excuse me.  He obviously didn't care at all.I called Restaurant.com for a refund, and told them what he said.  They told me that they have actually been trying to get in touch with the restaurant for weeks.  I can only assume he owes them money or something.  Either way, it is outrageous that he will not honor a gift certificate for a program he agreed to sign up for.Beyond this problem, I can't recommend this place simply based on how awfully they dealt with this issue.  I didn't get a chance to try any food and I never will.
After I wrote this, my fiance got sick from the food. So, I looked up their health code violations, and they don't store their food at proper temps.Ew. :(
Terrible service! We were overcharged thanks to the waiters inability to split a bill - each couple on a separate tab - a normal thing to do in a restaurant - NOT HERE! They tally up the whole table and divide by the number of credit cards given and charge each one the same amount regardless of what each couple ordered. Do not make the mistake of going with friends and expecting the restaurant to be able to give separate tickets seems you have to sit across the room from each other and pretend not to know each other in order for that to be possible. Food was not what it used to be. Will remove this restaurant from our list of places to go.
It has been a long time since I have felt the need to "Yelp".  Eating here night before last has brought me back to Yelp....and not in a good way.The best thing about our meal was my Diet Coke.The wait staff had to be reminded several times of what we ordered.  The food was not to my liking at all.  Honestly and truly ...as I was eating I was reminded of the scene in National Lampoon's European Vacation when Clark and crew at the French restaurant near the Eiffel Tower.The food tasted like it had been frozen and warmed up.  I have honestly had better RTE meals from Patel Brothers grocery store.  You know the type...the ones that come in the box for like 3 bucks....Very disappointed.
Really rude and non Indian people.....I have never had such a bad experience with any restaurant let alone Indian.....god bless them. I would be interested in seeing how long they can stay in business with this attitude.
Was very disappointed with level of quality and service. Ordered to go and gave clear instructions to have two separate meals. Each with naan and rice and utensils for work. Arrived to find one bag. One rice and one naan. I pointed this out and they fixed it but they forgot the naan. Looked at $35!!!! Bill and saw they double charged for the naan too. The vindaloo chicken was not spicy enough and very oily. The employees spoke very little English and that was a huge barrier. They also seemed arrogant and rude. I am thinking that most of these reviews are fake or people do not know what good Indian is. This was the worst Indian I've had in Charlotte. At twice the price. I now know why this place is always empty.  I have also tried the lunch buffet and while the price was better. The spice was horrible. All bland, boring curries and an always empty naan bin. Had to ask to get naan.  This place is PERFECT if you have money to throw away and want mediocre Indian.
Very few items on lunch buffet. On menu was aloo tikki, salad, plain rice, butter chicken, naan, chicken tandoori, chicken curry, palak paneer (paneer was hard to find), kheer (was good), finni that's it. None of the items were cooked properly. Very very disappointed. Price: $10.25 plate
Won't be back. I will preface my review by saying that I am a stickler for adequate customer service. That said, I have patronized this business at least 5 times with consistent experiences. The food is decent Indian food at a convenient location. The customer service however has been lacking each and every time. The straw that broke the camel's back for me was my entrance to the establishment today. As I approached the door, there was a server standing there who clearly saw me coming in. Instead of opening the door or at the very least, remaining to greet me, he turned and walked away. Once I entered there was no warm welcome (which I should not have expected given previous visits) but instead, I was rushed through to determine if I would stay for the buffet or if I was there to pick up takeout. I won't belabor the point, I will just reiterate that this was my last time spending money in a restaurant that does not appreciate my business. Their customer service is seriously lacking and the food is good at best but certainly nothing special.
Reasons I will never go to this restaurant again:-Out of all the empty tables, the waiter (a creepy, older man) sat me at the table against a wall right next to the door, pretty much isolated and alone.-The waiter tried to find out where I was from (my ethnicity), where I lived, whether I was working that day and whether I was on my lunch break, whether I was married, and whether I lived alone or with my parents. -When I was getting food from the lunch buffet, my waiter would pop up from behind me and point to the last dish I got and say "This, very good."-When the waiter had nothing to do at the moment, he'd stand against the wall across the room and just stare at me. I felt extremely uncomfortable there, and the buffet was not worth its price.
I had buffet lunch here yesterday. I went after 2 p.m. There was no tandoori chicken and they did not refill it till 3 p.m. By that time I had already finished my lunch. The naan bread was like a rubber sheet. They never bothered to refill the bread basket. The food was below average. The chicken curry was passable. Chicken tikka masala was below average. They had aloo gobi with uncooked cauliflower, I guess the dish got empty and they tried to refill it by throwing some half sauteed cauliflowers. Biriyani was a joke. I have tried most of the Indian restaurants in Charlotte and  I would rate this as the second worst. The only thing they bothered to refill was water. I will never return to this place and I will not recommend it to any of my friends.
Probably one of the worst Indian  food I have ever had in USA. Went there for Sunday buffet and the food was terrible. Serving is bad and avoid this restaurant.
Tried takeout yesterday. One of the worst Indian meals we have had in a long time.- Lamb Kabobs - undercooked and falling apart. They may have run out of time or maybe they had too many takeout orders. No excuse. A big F for this.- Chicken Makhni - C minus. tasted bland for what is supposed to be a very flavorful dish. Very small portion. - Saag Paneer - C+ The paneer tasted rubbery. Good flavor though.One can understand, this is Charlotte and thus not a Indian food destination. But the miss on simple Kabobs clearly show a careless staff. Charlotte deserves better.In my opinion, a waste of money.
Worst indian food I have ever eat in US.  If you read my review I bet you that you will regret if you give a try to this place. it's a joke of indian food. I have been eating paneer kadhai from 20 years and I know how it should taste. It was horrible. first time I went for dine in and the food was horrible , customer service was awful.  After 6 month we taught we will do take out order and will order something else than we ordered last time. I honestly thrown it in garbage as I felt horrible taste and smell in food. I didn't wanted to go sick after eating that.
Restaurant is closed.
Sorry I am indian and as a indian this place blows .. Their aloo parathas are a cop out the just use samosa filling for the stuffing ...  The spicy pickles are from a can, also their vegetable curry is made with frozen vegetables not fresh ... Also I know its not a authentic place when the serve beef...  No authentic place will ever serve beef, they will serve goat, lamb, chicken and every animal except beef... what else, oh yea two of the servers started chewing each other out in the back of the room where EVERYONE could here.... Also they should invest in making "chaat" food - street food of india .. they had none of that one the menu!  I will give it 1 star because the garlic naan was good.. Also our waiter was really nice it was some guy who moved here from SD... Save your indian food craving and head down to Chicago
The decor was ok. Nothing special but there were some odd mylar stars and hot air balloons hanging from the ceilingCame in for dinner and there are two other tables at 8:00 on a Thursday night.  I wonder if people go to bed early around this neighborhood or if this place just isn't that popular.Coconut soup was weird .  A mix of hot coconut milk that's been watered down and then laden with sweetened baking coconut from a bag.  This was definitely not fresh coconut in any way and I found this soup to be disapointing.   Lamb Saag was about as much lamb as you might expect for a dish costing 12.95. It's uniform liquidey sludge was a little too reminiscent of diarrhea for me and I lost a little of my appetite, though the lamb was tender and cooked well.  The overall dish was very very salty with no special taste.  Just a little spicy, a little Indian, and a little lamb.  They are probably using curry paste from a jar, or there is just not a very imaginative cook in the kitchen because the whole dish was lacking in flavor (besides salt).  A whole cardamom pod was left hidden in the diarrhea sludge, which led to an unpleasant burst of cardamom in one bite.Rice had clearly been sitting around for awhile and was very dry throughout with crunchy bits and very chewy bits.  I just don't see how this is acceptable to serve someone in a restaurant.  Rice is one of the cheapest ingredients out there.  If the rice has been sitting for too long, throw it out and make more.  I tried the saag with the rice and the oily mess of lamb Saag rehydrated the rice somewhat, and the rice's absorption of the Saag took away some of its saltiness.Three sauces or chutneys that came with the papadom were not very good at all. Had to ask to have my water glass filled every single time I finished it. (this is a major pet peeve)
Our family went to celebrate a birthday with an Indian dinner - there were 6 of us in our happy group.  We have been going to the Maharaja for years, to enjoy the lunch buffets, Valentines Day, birthdays etc.  Tonight the food was good, but the service was an issue.To start, we could see that the staff had changed.  The service took a long time, even though there were only 5 tables with customers and six wait staff.  The server did not understand English well enough to properly place the order, so there was extra wine for one person.  Also, the glassware and flatware were spotted, with some that needed to be sent back.The service had really changed for the worse.  The server would clear one dirty plate, then wander off, return five minutes later to get another and so on.  The Manager or owner really needs to train the staff.  They were all working, but seemed unclear as to who was responsible for what duties.We also ordered ice cream and a special birthday dessert, while very tasty - the service was vey slow, at least 10 minutes from the time the ice cream was ordered to served.What really put us over the top was when they refused to accept their own $50 Gift Certificate that they sold to me in June towards the $160 bill (not including tip).  It had only been approximately 6 weeks. Apparently, this location has been sold.  The old owners still own the location on Odana Rd (same name), but not this one.  Therefore, they would not accept their own gift certificate and told us, we could use it at Odana Rd.  Interestingly, they still kept the Best of Madison sign on the door for the old ownership,  they will need to take this down.    Again, we were surprised at the business decision about their own gift certificate.
DO NOT EAT HERE.  They changed my tip and charged me $28 for lunch.  Absolutely ridiculous.
If you are a female and like to be gawked at, I recommend this place for you. The staff stare like they have never seen a woman before. Also, if you like black hair as a garnish in your chicken makhani, you'll really enjoy it here. Disgusting. Threw out a $10 plate of food after finding hair. Not to mention when brought to the attention of the staff, there was no apology or anything to fix it.
I got food poisoning here.
Food was pretty average.  Waitress was pleasant.  I ordered the mixed grill.  It was all chicken.  Where was the mix that was on the menu!  $15.99 for grilled chicken and a few grilled onions is not a bargain.  No rice. Burnt naan.  I will return to Puran in Bloomington:)
I ordered my food online with my credit card at about 6:30 PM. At 8PM, I called Bombay Indian Grill, and asked about the status of my food. I was told that the delivery guy should be picking up soon.Around 9PM, I called again. This time I was told I had to call delivery.com. I tried calling, and no one picks up. Around 9:30PM, I get a call from the delivery person. When I go to take my food, he says, "you're supposed to pay with cash." I explained that I already paid via yelp's link for online delivery with my credit card. He said, "it says you are paying with cash." I proceed to stand there for fifteen minutes, while he calls various people to finally get to the number to call to confirm my method of payment. He says, "do you have your credit card" I respond, "no." He says, "you'll need it because they're going to want to confirm the payment." Mind you, I am in the law building. My stuff is on the other side of the law building. I am not wandering around looking for my credit card, while he calls people to confirm my payment. I just stood there. At one point, I said, just void this I don't want it. Then my hunger snapped me back to my senses. After some time on the phone, he is told I paid with my credit card already. I told him I would not be using their services again, he said "okay." He walked out unaffected. Around 10 PM, I called the number on delivery.com, and heard no apologies. Thanks Bombay Grill, for providing me with the distinct pleasure of paying $23 to have cold mutter paneer and wilted garlic naan delivered to me more than 2.5 hours after I ordered it. The lack of silverware and napkins was a nice touch.Thanks delivery.com, for demonstrating that incompetence and a lack of care is possible at all levels of an organization.
This is the worst service (or worst non-service) I have ever experienced. Since I can't give zero stars, I'm giving the service one. We didn't eat anything so I can't comment on the food. My husband and I went to Buffalo Blues last night. We stood at the empty hostess stand for a while. When no one came to seat us, and we couldn't find anyone to seat us, we seated ourselves figuring that's what we were supposed to do.The bar was full, but not packed. There were only two other tables with guests, one of which had empty plates on the table during this entire experience. After what seemed like forever, my husband got up to find a server. He literally walked around the restaurant to find someone, but couldn't. He then tried to ask the bartender, but she was just as elusive. When he finally found a server,  she acted totally shocked that we were there. Maybe if someone had been doing their job, they wouldn't be surprised to find hungry people in a restaurant.She came to our table, got our drinks (a soda and a water) and asked us if we were ready to order. When we said no she said she would be back. We could see her chit chatting with another server, but again, couldn't get her attention to come back to take our order. After another ten minutes of waiting for her to return, we put a few dollars on the table for my soda and we left. We ordered a pizza at a local shop and picked it up on our way home.Twenty-five minutes passed and we only get drinks Such a waste of time. It took us 20 minutes just to make the drive there, 25 of waiting, and another 20 to get home. That's over an hour of our evening completely wasted which left us starving after a hard days work. I used to work as a server so I could understand if the place was busy and the staff was short handed, but it was basically a dead night table top wise. I will NEVER go back.
I hate this place. I have been here many times and I am just finally getting around to writing a review.  Let me state that my wife made me go here tonight because my friends wanted to and she said I need to indulge their interests. Even if they suck. Buffalo Blues is like a Hooters, except the girls where more clothes and are not as good looking. The service is horrendous and the food may be better at Hooters.  The beer selection is decent at Buffalo Blues but it is expensive and they often run out of things that are still on the board.My friends like going for all you can eat wing night but frankly I don't get it. You get 10 wings up front they will give more wings 5 at a time. The problem is that you get those wings in 30 minute intervals.  So the max you could eat is 55 wings. Did I mention that  the wings are really tiny and the sauce is tossed on like a Jackson Pollack painting.  They also charge extra for blue cheese or ranch.  The wings do not come with celery. This is a crime against humanity and the city of Buffalo.  I chose to detour from wings tonight and ordered a chicken sandwich. Apparently this was a bad choice.  It took a full hour to get my food. It was so long that the rest of the table ate their wings and ordered more and the waitress didn't think this was a problem. When my meal did arrive everything was cold. The sandwich was ok, but the fries were just tiny pieces that were limp and flavorless.I paid $16 for a beer and a sandwich that my friends had to wait for me to eat to leave.  I would say I won't go back, but apparently I like my friends more than I like good food and service.
Went here this past Saturday afternoon, 112. My friends and I sat at the pretty much empty bar for over 5 minutes with no service. The bartender walked by us a few times and didn't even acknowledge we were there. As we walked out, we saw the bartender on the phone and other staff members standing in the back chatting. We went next door to Mad Mex and got much better service!
To be honest, I think this is one of the worst bars in the entire city.  The food was sub-par, even for bar food, the service was awful, especially during a game. I do enjoy a good sports bar, but I think the thing I hated most about this place was the other people that frequent there. It's the quintessential Shadyside bar, equipped with doughebag bros that went to the same fraternity in college and the Jersey Shore bimbos who pine for them. The last time that I went there were two guys throwing up outside of the bar on the sidewalk. I fully admit this is a subjective review, because this bar was obviously not my scene- but I still do not like this place at all.
Unfortunately, the service we were given ruined our overall experience at Buffalo Blues. We sat down and put in our drink order.  My husband was excited about the amount of beers they had on tap. Fifteen minutes later and still without drinks, we saw our server trying to hunt the bartender down. Once the bartender finally started working on our drinks, she realized the keg for the beer my husband ordered was tapped. We were sitting at the booths right next to the bar but instead of the bartender just telling us so we could make another decision and get our drinks as soon as possible, she waited for the waitress to come back to tell her. Then, the waitress came back and did not apologize at all but simply said that he had to pick a different beer because they were out of that one. Anyway, long story short, it took way too long to get drinks and there was never any recognition from the staff of the issue. The restaurant seemed poorly managed and subpar. We will not be back.
Watched a bartender serve a guy a beer when he was visibly intoxicated. He was swaying in circles on the chair next to me. I told the manager about it and he told me "that guy is just crazy, I've seen him much worse" so I guess that makes it ok. Made this paying customer leave after one beer.
I've been to Buffalo Blues a few times at Happy Hour, and met my daughter there last night for Happy Hour specials as advertised on the web site.  First clue:  no Happy Hour promos mentioned in the bar except for the Yeungs and Wings (which was not what we were looking for).  We came close to leaving as my beer was off the draft list, but we decided to stay and were disappointed that my daughter's choice was already gone although still ilsted.  The food was awful, the service worse.  Maybe a busser should clean the table after removing the dirty dishes--our table was a sticky  mess.  The service:  one beer to the table at a time.  Next round I saw two beers go to a three-top, removed and sent to the bar, poured out and the glasses refilled and brought to us.  Someone else's food was brought to our table, our fries came out --lukewarm---but our wing order never went in.  So we got our garlic parm wings which tasted like old overcooked chicken and was way too crispy and greasy for my taste.  We ate two each, then told the server we didn't want them.  She offered to take them off, but we told her that wasn't necessary, so they took off 12 the price as a Customer service gesture.  Still, we had a Happy Hour bill for 12 eaten fries, barely touched wings, and 6 drafts total of $45 at a dirty table.  At least the place was quiet--there were empty tables everywhere.  I think we're done here.
Had breakfast here one time and it was very primitive. Coffee was really bad.  I took one drink and trashed it.   Have been told they survive on the burgers.  Will have to try one and update but breakfast is a Not Recommend.
I received a free entree coupon for my birthday from Tony Roma's, so I used to it to get some takeout since I am alone this week and my husband is gone on a business trip. Otherwise I would have brought him with me and we could have dined in! I'd never eaten here before, so I thought it would be great to give their food a test run.The girl who brought my food out, (hostess I assume by outfit) walked over with a straight face and asked me if my name was the one on the to go order. It was. She handed me the food and still with a straight, almost unfriendly face asked for the coupon. I handed it to her and gave her a tip also. I always tip, even on free food! I was a server for 2 years at Red Lobster. She didn't smile once and gave off a very unfriendly, almost hostile vibe. Really made me sad. She made me feel like crap for using the coupon that the company sent me!! And I gave her a tip!! Its not like she got nothing out of it!I ordered the steakhouse burger (was craving a yummy burger since Im pregnant) and fries. The fries were bad. Not crispy but chewy and not very salty. The burger was pretty yummy, but was slopped in the box carelessly. : Doesn't seem like good customer service. This was my test run, and I know not to go back and take my husband now.
im a carolina bbq fan.  and sorry..but this bbq is just no that good.  its fast food bbq.  why not do real bbq sonny  i dont want mcribs from a carolina bbq place
How dies this place have 3,5 stars.   I don't know where to start.  Food isn't even Sonny's quality,    No liquor here, beer only the owner doesn't want wine because he is a christian.   Really.   God turned water into wine     Well i will never be back.   Sonny's corporation would be disappointed.
Good BBQ Please......Chicago style Well, maybe.... Only if you are from Chicago and you prepared it.It should be called SAM's style. As in SAM's Club. Ok, heres the layout. I ordered a Rack of ribs, Mac & cheese, Greens, Cole slaw, and potato salad.Rack of ribs: I received a full rack( i give them that). But it was a mixed rack..... baby backs and a spare ribs. What is that called Mac & cheese: So, so.Greens: Unseasoned, strait from the can. ( at least they could have sprinkled a lil' salt & pepper on 'em) Ya know!!Cole slaw: Strait from a plastic container. Potato salad: Need I say more.....!!Building: Dirty inside and out...Sanitation Grade: 90.1Two words...... Keep Driving!
RIB TIPS didnt have taste
Terrible! I'm just now getting over this horrible stomach bug caused by his place. I ended up paying $10.92 for a salad, water, and a small tiramisu. Needless to say, that price is ridiculous! You should never have to pay that much at lunch time for that little amount of food. Speaking of the food, in the salad, there was an egg and so I out it on a napkin because I don't like eggs. The waitress came by and asked how it was and I told her that I didn't like the egg. Instead of taking it or saying "hey sorry about that" or something to the effect, she just walked off. The tiramisu was awful, it tasted like someone tried to make banana pudding and failed. If you like tiramisu like I do, go to Olive Garden or SAMs club around Christmas. You will not be disappointed like you will here. Needless to say, I'm never going back.
Having grown up in North Carolina, I've had lots of Barbecue (and I also smoke my own).  I feel I can adequately judge the quality of BBQ.  This particular establishment was unique in that it's right off the side of a highway and has drive-in microphones and ordering stations straight out of the 50's.  I did feel a little uneasy in the parking lot as it was in a shady part of town, but not a big deal.  I ordered the 14 Barbecue chicken meal and substituted potato salad for the slaw and onion rings for the fries.  In addition I ordered a "Minced" barbecue sandwich, which is the classic barbecue that people would think of when talking about North Carolina style BBQ.   First let me say that FoodNetwork came to this establishment for the unique nature of the 50's style drive-in and for the unique way that the pieces of barbecue chicken are prepared.  They are deep fried and then dunked in barbecue sauce.  I will say that it is unique; however as the above would suggest, it is quite greasy.  It was "okay" but I wouldn't say it is anything to specifically come here for.  As for the barbecue, it is also "okay;" I can safely say that the meat is not smoked (there is no smoke rising from the kitchen, so I don't see how that could happen).  In addition, the meat itself lacked the distinctive smoky flavor characteristic of good, slow cooked North Carolina barbecue.  The sandwich overall was ever so slightly more typical of NC BBQ than what I received from Mac's (which was very overcooked and completely lacked flavor), but unfortunately I would never recommend the restaurant for NC barbecue or otherwise.
The food here used to be good, but like the side of town its on, it has gone down hill. I would not feel comfortable eating here at night without my friend Smith & Wesson with me.Its an old style 50's drive in where you order at your car and car hops bring the food. The last time I ate here the BBQ was greasy and had no smokey flavor. What really turned me off about the place was the car hop. I took my Mom for lunch one day. The bill was $12. I gave the car hop $15 and told him to keep the change. He looked at me in disgust and just turned around and walked away with out so much as a thank you or anything.  I gave him a 25% tip. What did he want 50%Thats okay, because Bar-B-Q King will never see me again! I'll spend my hard earned money where the food and service are better.
NASTY NASTY NASTY first who in the H*** still takes cash only then you have some guy that looks like he just got out of jail for selling crack with a hand  full on cash...That takes your order .. Ok so you have to find cash . But they have a atm Damm so $2.50 for the atm fee and then $2.50 from my bank . Then $10.00 bucks for this nasty food So for all to see is a $15.00 dollar meal At BBQ King what a rip off . I walked in and thought I was going to pass out from the nasty smell of rotten onions .          They might have been great 30 or 20 years ago and I saw people eating this  this ... I do not know what it is its not food nor BBQ.Health Department must feel sorry for them any other place they would close done
The food was greasy. BBQ sauce wasn't good at all. I went to try out their restaurant because the food looked good on triple Ds. Turned out the food wasn't worth the drive
You get 1 star instead of two because the dude that brought us our food to our car, DEMANDED his tip.  DUDE - HERE'S A TIP - DON'T ASK FOR A TIP.CASH ONLY.I wanted to come to this place because it was on Diners, Drive Ins and Dives and fried chicken and bbq sauce.  Need I say moreWell, would I go back the next time I'm in town.  No thanks, I'll be making my way over to South 21 or Price's Chicken Coop.The sauce was too vinegary for my taste. The chicken was somewhat moist, but I did feel that it might have been sitting around.  Everyone else in my party said the same thing.  The fries were definitely old and sitting around.  and well, the guy demanding a tip put a bad taste in my mouth.
i really didn't appreciate the man who brought me my order asking me for a tip. here's a tip, don't ask for a tip. i worked as a food server for many years; and rule 1 is never ever ask for a tip. tips are earned! as for the food, i was epically disappointed. thanks for nothing guy fieri.
Did you read my tip! Good *** BBQ!  Haha, I was being totally sarcastic.  IT'S GOOD IF YOU LIKE "ass" BBQ!  First of all, the wait time before anyone serviced us was long and the place wasn't that busy.  Second, it's cash only, so that put me in a bind because it's BLACK FRIDAY and I wasn't going outside for anything, not even the bank...and on that note, I must digress because I was bamboozled into coming to this dump by that oompa loompa, Guy Fieri, on DDD!! Third, the waiter had the audacity to ask for his tip! Are you that thirsty for cash, my brotha!  Maybe I was digging for it in my car cushions because your establishment doesn't take debitcredit cards!Here's a tip: Don't eat here unless you like good "ASS" BBQ (unless you're into that sort of thing).  The chicken was "meh", the sauce was too watered down and spicy, and the wait staff was incredibly rude.  I really don't know why this place was featured on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives....
This place was not so good. The onion on the burger was too strong and the burger did not taste good. The BBQ chicken was just ok. This place was old and I will definitely not be going back. Very disappointed with Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives (DDD) for recommending this place.
While in this area of Charlotte I saw Bubba's BBQ I did not have but, a few minutes and I really just wanted to taste the Q . I went in the only people I saw was 2 people leaving . So with a quick look at the menu I ordered a BBQ sandwich ( no slaw this time I wanted to be able to taste the flavor of the Q then have slaw next time)So out came my sandwich and I noticed slaw on the outside of the sandwich I opened it and saw that the slaw well... some of it had been taken off about half was still there it looked as if someone had taken something and attempted to " get the slaw off".When I told the server she looked at the ticket and said " I told them no slaw "Then she left with the sandwich at this point I am wondering if they could not get a simple order with such a slow time then what else was wrong At that point I had spent way to much time just trying to get a simple sandwich put money on the table to pay for the Tea and left .I called shortly after a conference call to talk to the manager " Bubba " I told him the story and he first said " describe the server " then when I did he said " What color was the slaw " And I am thinking why would he ask that Does he think the slaw came from somewhere else When I told him I was not 100% sure he "said we only serve this color slaw"( I think he said yellow) And I am still wondering why he said that ( AGAIN)To me this was getting me know where when I was just trying to explain to him what the problem was. I then just said " have a good day and hung up"Do not think I will be back ... just a warning if you go to Bubbas do not keep it to simple and please please do not make the order very complicated. They may ask you where the food came from
meat was not smoked, cooked way too long, so it was basically tasteless mush, sides had little to no flavor.  place was empty, cafeteria feeling, no music, no cheer, just blah....
On a Sunday afternoon, me and my girlfriend wanted some good country barbecue, so we stumbled upon this place, this place looked very promising, so I ordered the Ribs and the pulled pork, along with coleslaw and baked beans. My girlfriend ordered the fish along with fries and baked beans. My pulled pork had no barbecue on it nor did it come with any barbecue at all, my ribs were rubbery.... I am from the Carolinas,I personally am very serious when it comes to barbecue, I don't think that I will be returning here at all. What makes everything worst is the fact that IT'S DOWN THE STREET FROM MY HOUSE.
Called for delivery and was told they were closed though Yelp said they were open. Either they're wrong or Yelp is, in either case not the way to run a business.
The service was nice, friendly and fast.I'm giving it a 1 star for the food and price. It literally tasted and looked like everything came out of a old can. The consistency was real weird on every level. Probably the worst BBQ food I've ever had. I don't know how else to put it. But if you can avoid it, you should.It was real expensive for the quality of food too. It was $18 for a standard pulled pork plate with a drink. Seriously so bad. But they were friendly and nice. That's about it though. Sorry bubba, you need a makeover. You're giving NC BBQ a bad rep.
Wow. Just was refused service because we had a large group. When we offered to break up and just sit with the family. Nope....not an option. Empty restaurant, and they would not let 18 people sit and eat. Their policy  is " no teams".  We had 6 high school girls and 12 parents.  The hostess politely  said they have had teams cause problems.  Well, this policy just cost them. None of these 12 parents will ever return. So I can't tell you how the food is. Just don't walk in as a large group. That is my tip.
WHAT A JOKE this restaurant is.  No entree that a group of 4 ordered turned out to be authentic or even taste good.   I know Afghan food very well, cause i've grown up with it.I was totally embarrased, and even tried to speak to the owner to give my piece of mind.  This person is a disgrace to the culture, and to himself for shortchanging you as a customer of your right to have authentic Afghan food which is very delicious.  The Afghan culture prides itself on great food, and is well known throughout the world.  This establishment is horrible, and I even thought about picketting or opening up another restaurant to compete just to prove it's shittiness.
I hate to write a negative review, but it has to be done. Over the weekend we were in Madison and decided to try Kabul Restaurant.  I am I big lover of Afganian food and I was very happy to see that Madison had an Afgan restaurant.  It's been a long time since I've been so disappointed by food.  Everything was very plain, didn't taste like Afgan food at all........Lamb tasted horrible, I don't think it was marinated prior to grilling.  Rice tasted just like something you get at Old Country Buffet.............The only thing they have going to them is an out door seating and the service was pretty good. If you want to try an Afganian food, this is not the place.........
If you know the cuisine from the region, you will know that what this place offers is terrible and not representative of how fantastic it can and should be. I suppose when there's no competitioncomparison nearby, it's easy to operate like Kabul does. Anyhow, the meat has been tough and chewy, the rice is the wrong type of rice. It should be long grain basmati, not the short, fat Uncle Ben's type. The flavor, the marinade used imparts an odd flavor, certainly not reflective of any dish I've ever had prepared by native Afghani's. I should probably add that I grew up eating Persian food, and have been to Persian and Afghani restaurants in Chicago, and Kabul just doesn't even come close. Oh, and the prices are unjustifiable... I've had far, far better at much more reasonable prices. Pass on this one... take it from someone who knows what they're talking about...
Full disclosure: I'm a vegetarian so I didn't try any of their meat dishes--and perhaps this makes me unable to rate the restaurant adequately--but the vegetarian dishes we had here were either bland or terrible. I have a few Afghan friends and have been to several really good Afghan restaurants in the Bay Area and NYC so I know delicious, creative vegetarian Afghan food is possible. Missing here was anything resembling the FRESH creamy, minty, pumpkin and eggplant dishes and fruity and spicy rice dishes I've known....Instead we got heavy, poorly flavored, canned tomato sauce concoctions ladled over what seemed to be food made out of canned spinach and canned green beans. I may be a vegetarian but that doesn't mean we don't have taste buds just like everybody else. What is up with all the terrible ethnic food on State street How are they still in business They're all either overpriced (see Himal Chuli) or just plain awful. I realize I'm spoiled after living in San Francisco, Portland, and NYC, but come on Midwest - you can do better than this.
First service is bad the server was rude so crowdedSalad is not tasteful food is not authentic afghan if you tasted real afghan foodPrice OK but they add 18% gratuity tip but I swallowed bc my in laws where with me, I don't think I will go again
Let me say this first, the restaurant is near the University, and I don't thinki a lot of the reviews here of the NEW Kabul's are from experienced diners.  I was a Kabul's "regular" who loved dining there in former location.  That said, this Kabul's was a horrible experience.  We ordered drinks, and watched the bartender take a straw and sip out of the blender - classy!  The Lemondrops we ordered did not come with the rims sugared but were good.  The hummus was disgusting - I used ot LOVE their hummus.  This had no flavor and was whipped with so much air it didn't resemble the texture of hummus.  The bread was, meh.  Then came the soup.  I don't know if they were running low or what, but it was so watery our entire table returned it.  my bowl had 8 chickpeas, 2 kidney beans and one piece of undisclosed meat about 12" big.  It tasted like Campbell's canned soup where they added one can too many of water.  BLECH!  We all returned it.  Then came our main courses.  I had the Curry Ginger chicken - a former FAVORITE.  No more!  All one could taste is curry and cumin and it was really hot.  Didn't even resemble to former dish.  My friends got the lamb kabobs and said they were "warm" but not hot;  "goog" but not great.  The owner was sitting in the diningroom and I think he needed to be supervising the kitchen.  We weren't sure if they were trying to be some "chic new-age" MiddleEastern Restaurant and failed, or if it was plain bad food.  The service  Let's see...the soup was spilled on my coat (with no clean up); they dropped the steak knife on a guest with some food and got the splits wrong for the check.  THe place was so loud you couldn't hear people, and several tables commented on it....we heard them because they were yelling.  I'm sad, because this used to be a wonderful restaurant where the delicate flavors of the Middleeast bleneded wonderfully.  Now  There are so many in Madison that are better.  Unless you're a college student on a budget....even then you can do better.  Maybe it was a bad night...I dunno.  I might try it again, but it will be awhile before we do.  They need to get their kitchen in shape and staff trained before we do.
I was so excited reading all the reviews and the restaurant was jam packed but with locals and no Asian !!! That should have been my hint number one. The food service was slow. And my get mad point was when the cashier asked me if I had left my tip on the table. When asked if everything was halalkosher on the menu , the waiter shrugged and said only lamb shanks, but I'm not judging. The meat had an odd smell. I have been a frequent diner at the best afghan places in the USA and thought I would be getting the same food here. This is good if you don't know real afghani food.
If you like to hear comments like "We do not let coloured people drink wine here...yeah, I said it," or to hear the cashier condescendingly address your colleague when their own debit machine malfunctions, then this is the place for you. Great establishment. Top notch customer service. I can't wait to go back.
Restaurant is closed as of 20910.  The sign is gone, and although the lights were on and tables were set inside, they quickly turned off the lights as we pulled up in front of the building.  They went back on as we left.  The phone number is now disconnected too.
ONE WORD: Gross. My cousin and I compared the texture of the ground beef kabob to that of her dog's food. The filet kabob, while the taste was ok, had a very strange texture - almost like it was steamed or something. I definitely agree that they are VERY skimpy on the meat, which I guess doesn't matter 'cause it sucked. The hummus was just blah - I could make my own better. Their only saving grace was their basmati rice, which wasn't even all that great either.
Horrible food and horrible service pita heaven or pita jungle are much better and priced the same :
Was on a business trip in Phoneix and decided I wanted some Paki food. After reading some reviews I decided on Khyber Halal. Since I was from out of town I decided to give them a call and confirm there hours, I was told last order is an hour before the restaurant closes. Me and three of my coworkers grabbed a cab and headed over there. We arrived an hour and ten minutes before closing, as we headed to a table the cashier, Abudallah told us take out only. We mentioned to him that we called and they said as long as we come an hour before closing we would be served. He repeated take out only, we told him we were from out of town and didn't have a place to take them. He told us that was what the manager had told him, we asked to see the manager, he told us that the manager wasn't available. At this point he said we are out of food, and pretty much told us to get the F out. Couldn't believe it, ended up spending $40 in cabs without getting anything to eat. We ended at Curry Corner(Tempe), with better service.
After reading all the great review on yelp was utterly disappointed. Definately not an Indian or Pakistani restaurant. Food is bland.Biryani is just plain bland masala rice made with afghan spice combo. Nan not good either.For people looking for authentic indian or pakistani place this is not the place.
I don't know what you are all talking about.  This place has horrible service and mediocre food.  The rice doesn't come with the mean and the naan is hard and thick as a rock. No thanks. I need to find a better place asap.  Nothing beats my wa place
Drove here al the way from Tempe. I was at the door at 8:01pm on a Sat night. I was told there was only take out service after 8 and they didn't seat us. I guess they just can let business walk away. I will never come back.
I will start with the positives: the staff is exceedingly friendly and attentive, the restrooms are clean, and the restaurant is clean. Now with the negatives: the food. I have eaten Indian food all over the country (San Francisco, Sacramento, Los Angeles, Phoenix, Baltimore, New York, Washington, the list goes on). I LOVE Indian food. If I had to choose a dying meal, it would be paneer masala with naan and basmati. This restaurant served literally the least authentic Indian food I have ever eaten. They tried, but it is painfully Americanized, and I should have known based on the "whitebread" patrons here. They even serve hamburgers They did not serve basmati, instead it was just long grain white or brown rice, and very little seasoning. Their naan tasted like cheap, reheated, store bought pita bread, their saucescurries were bland and lacking dimension, and the rest of their fare was the most average food I have ever had. I tried this place because two other restaurants closer to me had a whole star less than this place (including the place recommended below), so I thought... It MUST be better. I was wrong. If you want authentic Indian food I recommend New Indian Bazaar on 7th Street.
I don't see what everybody is raving about the First of all the chef is rude and the I think the oldest kid who works there is not at all helpful at all, the food is bland and no quantity just rice which by the way taste  cardboard .we will definitely not returning to this food anytime soon
So we came to this place because there were good reviews (3). But upon arrival we noticed the name was not Zaytoon but Greek Place & Fry. After some debate about that. We went in. It was clean. Only one guy that was incidentally the cashier and the cook. The service was fast considering there were only a couple other people trickling in. Now the food.......I ordered the lamb kabob. The only reason I wanted to come here mind you. And I could swear was beef. But the guy insisted that it was in fact what I ordered and paid extra for. Whatever. My boyfriend ordered the chicken and steak kabobs. Both meals very lemony and VERY toughchewy. My bf looked like he was trying to bite through a shoe the way he was trying to tear apart the pieces. I was going to tell the guy, but I've come to the realization that complaining to them gets you no where. So I may as well try to inform the unsuspecting public! Long story short we won't be coming back here.
One star is too much.  This place sucks.  Food is not good, no service what soo ever and then to top that, the buffet is over priced.  Better to go to copper kettle in tempe.
I appreciate small, quaint bookstores and I understand that the big box Barnes & Nobles can be a bit frustrating. But there's a difference between a "Mom 'n' Pop" book shop and a poorly-stocked one with books that pertain to a really limited scope of interest. I was in here early one weekday afternoon and I was the only person in the store. The few shelves of books they have at The Bookmark were somewhat sparsely stocked. The store has little atmosphere and seems out of place in Founder's Hall. I mean, I'm sure they could order whatever you'd like, but you'll need to wait a while and you'll also pay through the nose for it--publisher's price--because they do have to pay uptown rent after all. When I walk into a bookstore I like to be inspired to read and I want to be excited by what's on the shelves. I could spend hours in a Barnes & Noble just pulling interesting stuff off the shelves and perusing the pages. There's not really an opportunity for any of that at this place.
NEVER USE THIS PLACE. DO NOT RECOMMEND. THEY DO NOT FOLLOW UP, ASSOCIATES ARE RUDE, AND THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS AWFUL. HARD TO BELIEVE HOW THEY STAY IN BUSINESS. I HAVE BEEN WAITING ON BOOKS FOR ALMOST TWO WEEKS AND WAS TOLD THEY WOULD ARRIVE IN TWO DAYS. DUE TO THEIR INCOMPETENCE I AM NOW HAVING TO DROP A CLASS.I am very upset and disappointed with the service that I have received. I was told by Frank the order would be placed on 827 and the order would arrive on 829.  Now, almost two weeks later, my order still has not arrived. And the order was placed on 828 instead of 827.  I have had to call every day to check on status, no one until today, after calling every day since last Friday has reached out to me. The customer service is not what I expected. These books were needed last Friday for a class that meets on Mondays.  I will be two weeks behind since they will not come in until this Monday. This is unacceptable. If I had known that, I would have used another company to receive my books on time. Now, I do not have time to obtain the books from any other source before Monday.  This has been a major inconvenience for me and I will know not to use your business in the future.
I special ordered a 2014 calendar from this store and they never called me to tell me it was not available or anything. Once again, horrible customer service!
The experience of shopping in this store, and interacting with their representatives on the floor, is the epitome of why Amazon is so successful.  Not only did they not have a book that was extensively distributed, but never offered another possibility of making the sale (I.E. Offering to see if it was at another store or could be shipped to my home). I would only recommend this store to someone seeking exasperated and shirt-tempered employees. What a complete waste of time.
I was purchasing a book for a class that I was unsure about staying in. While checking out, I asked the sales clerk what the return policy was and she completely ignored me. I asked a second time and she acted like I wasn't there and continued ringing me up. My friend, who was with me in line, sees slips of paper behind the register with the return policy on it and takes one since it was obvious that the cashier was not going to speak to us and points out that the return deadline for all text books was a few weeks away. I complete the transaction and leave. After I drop the class and try to return the unused book two days later, I'm told that the item is nonreturnable. The manager pointed out the fine print in the return policy that listed many types of books that were nonreturnable. There were many paragraphs of text on their return policy and the part that listed the deadline for book returns was no where near the part that stated my book was nonreturnable. I pointed out that the cashier completely ignored my question about the return policy and the manger, beaming with pride, tells me that they train their employees to not answer any questions about their return policy! I don't need to explain how absurd that is. He goes on to explain that they "[...] expect our customers to know how to read." What does TIS expect us to know how to read, the lengthy return policy that is not provided to the purchaser until *after* they check out unless they simply reach around the register and take one There are very good reasons why they don't provide the policy to customers--even when asked. Besides being able to sell books to students unsure about staying in their classes--if even a small number of customers took the time to read the lengthy return policy before they check out, the line would be hours long rather than the mere 45 minutes that it took for us. TIS is as sleazy as they come. Save some money and order online!
I wish I could give 0 stars. Two days ago I purchased an iClicker here for $57.50 including tax. This afternoon I attempted to return the unopened product with the original receipt. I was told they could offer me $19.00 for it, as it was considered a "textbook" (for the record, an iClicker is an electronic device made of plastic and metal, and made up of 0% paper) and therefore not eligible for return after August, despite the fact that I had purchased it in September and not during August at all. The cashier who checked me out at the time of purchase also did not inform me that I would not be able to return it. In short, HORRIBLE customer service and I feel they take advantage of basically broke college students. Thanks for nothing TIS and I will be telling everyone I know not to shop here.
Its a premier indoor soccer facility, But the staff is bad. Receptionist is always looking at his phone and not in a mood to help customer.  He just want to finish the conversation and go back to his phone. Came in to ask about adult soccer and told me to look at the brochure. PhonedEmailed Eric Tate, Justin and no response. Good Facility, But really poor customer service.
My 4 year old attended the week long All Sport Camp.  On Friday they take the kids to the park across the street and they left him there.  THEY LEFT A 4 YEAR OLD KID, IN THE PARK, BY HIMSELF!!!!  Fortunately for us, a park employee found him and called the City Marshall's and he was returned safely.  I supspected Meir (sp) was lying to us about the whole incident, I am sure he was trying to cover his own ass.  My suspicions were confirmed when I got a copy of the report from the Marshal's office.  The Marshal said he would have pressed charges if he could but could not prove intent.  Needless to say, any parent who loves their kid should avoid this place.  You literally may not get your kid back if they do to your kid what they did to ours.
Lil Kickers is best to be avoided.  My son has said on two occasions he didn't want to go back for very good reasons.  When he was two, he had a very inexperienced "coach" who had difficulty keeping up with a very large class.  For example, when his class was at the other end of the field, we saw her take aside my son and give him a "time out."  We asked what happened, and she said he "accidentally tripped another child."  Clearly, the very young coaches there do not understand what a time-out is. My wife and I were baffled, and so was my son.  So we left, and waited a year.  But, they still have significant problems in my opinion.  We came back with our 1.5 year old daughter and 3.5 year old son.  My daughter's class was frequently cancelled when other parents stopped coming.  They would put my daughter in with the older kids and she simply couldn't keep up.  She was much smaller and, though well developed for her age, she couldn't keep up with bigger children.  Money and time wasted. Last, we signed up for a classes that begin this week but were subsequently cancelled because of lack of interest.  They *refused to refund our money* for a class they canceled, telling us we would have to go on another day.  We have a difficult schedule, and will not be able to make any other times.  We arranged our scheduled around the previous day and time they offered.  Very frustrating!It's best to simply avoid this place.  We were naive to keep re-enrolling.  Shame on us.
This place is a dump!   Staff is rude, the owner just wants money, doesn't care about the quality of his programs or his staff.  The overall carelessness of the owner and staff is evident by the state of facility- its filthy and in need of maintenance.  Spend your money elsewhere, this guy doesn't need more lining his already deep pockets.
I signed my 3 kids up for their sport's camp offered during Winter break. They didn't divide the kids into different age groups so the little kids were fending for themselves against the big kids.The morning staff was rude, kept yelling at the kids, didn't give any type of directions to the kids, didn't teach any sports and let kids cut in line and yell rude things to other kids. The afternoon staff was better, interacted with the kids and gave directions. They also charged me twice for the yearly required registration fee. When I called to ask for a refund, the manager never called me back. Don't register your kids in their sports camp.
Horrible beer, horrible service, horrible menu
My friends got everyhing from steak(they didn't even get a well done steak right) to mahi tacos and the only great menu item was the seasoned vegetables- give it a miss. Sing sing next door is awesome but get dinner somewere else. After we were done the waiter asked if we were ready for the checks and I had ordered meal that came with a desert! Really dissapointing all around.
For a brewery who is attempting to take advantage of Oktoberfest you wonder how at 7 pm they could be out of mashed potatoes & sauerkraut then a sausage platter with sweet mustard guess they have not been to Germany. Not worth $5.95 unfortunately the sausage platter was $15.95.
Came with my BF we started with the crab artichoke dip. It was very greasy and had virtually no crab. The wedge salad was good and crisp. I had the hazelnut crusted chicken. This has to be one of the worst dishes I've ever had it was like pancake syrup over breaded chicken. To finish the meal we had the homemade chocolate chip cookies served with hot fudge. Well there was no hot fudge it was chocolate syrup the ice cream was so crystallized from melting and re-freezing all around disappointing.
Poor service and food. I waited 20 minutes at the bar for someone to just acknowledge my presence. They finally brought my food out and left it without asking for me to pay.... So I had to wait an additional 15 minutes to find someone to pay. Yes, I had to TRY and give them money.On to the important part... Food was terrible. I had a burger and it was pathetic.
Be careful. The servers can't pay attention to save their lives, and the management cares even less. I want to make sure people know how careless the management is, particularly Mark who seems to let his staff run around.
This review is specifically for the DFS cleaners at this Giant Eagle location.  I dropped clothing off for the sake of convenience once (I really should have known better).  Never again.  My items came back completely covered in lint.  I could let this slide, however my pencil skirt was safety pinned to the hanger.  The weight of the skirt caused even larger holes than what were placed there by the pins.  Being that it's a pencil skirt designed to have a blouse tucked in, there's no way that I can wear it again.  This was an expensive skirt, completely ruined.  Very disappointed.  Again, this review is just for the dry cleaners.  The rest of the store is actually better than a lot of other GE's I've been to in Pittsburgh.  Just don't take your dry cleaning here.
The worse "Chinese food", even the white rice which came with the ogle sweet and sour chicken is really bad.  Please don't eat this food.
Got a key lime pie from this place. It was horrid. Icing was stale cake thick, crust was not even crunchy or had taste, and the key lime was weak. Pie looked it it was sitting out for a day or 2.
This place is overpriced and the service is not good at all.  When we where there children were riding bikes in the lot near the tables.  One almost hit our child.  Another customer said that if the owner had been there she would have not allowed the bikes to be there.  The cone was large to say the least but the taste left something to be desired.  Not the best neighborhood either with a bar nearby.  Our children were exposed to language that would have made a sailor blush.  We will not be back.  Also they will accept a credit card but not a debit card  Please get up with the times.
Went for the first time yesterday good Jerk wings, very disappointed with the FOOD! I purchased oxtails with rice and peas..oxtails were VERY TOUGH Not enough flavor and the rice was VERY Hard not fully cooked! I would stick to the wings and drinks!!
I went for the doubles and I was totally disappointed. I did try other  food items and found that the seasoning was just what it should be. The place is great for those who are not from Trinidad so they may not realize that some seasoning has been omitted.
My husband and I went here for a "nice" dinner.  We were very disappointed.  The food was BLAND, the service terrible.  I'd say don't bother.
As a huge fan of Mediterranean food, I am disappointed that I will not be going back to the Casbah. This is even more disappointing since this is the only Mediterranean restaurant in a reasonable walking distance from my office for lunch. I have given the Casbah three opportunities to make me a devoted fan. Every time I have placed a to-go order, it has either been the wrong order or on two occasions the chicken was raw.
Wanted to take my mom to a new experience.  Looked on Yelp and found this restaurant.  But I'm ROYALLY PISSED OFF after eating here!!!! Let me start by telling you that the quality of food is very good.  The belly dancer is very good.  The reason for the 1*.......I didn't check the regular price or looked at their website before I went into the restaurant. My bad, but I TRUSTED the waiter.  I mentioned Yelp and the waiter acknowledged the 15% discount on the total bill.  When I received the total bill it was full price but I didn't realize it was until our taxi driver, who came to pick us from the restaurant, mentioned that dinner was $39 something. I came back to the hotel and checked on line.  WHAT THE MOTHER FUCK!!!!!  I got charged full price!!!  I TRUSTED our waiter and he even mentioned for me to make sure I write something on Twitter - yes you heard me right.... "TWITTER" and to make sure I tell my friends.  On their website it mentioned that Thanksgiving eve dinner was 50% off if I mentioned either on Facebook or Twitter.  If he wanted me to write something on Twitter, he could had given me 50% off as indicated on the website.   I wouldn't be bitching so bad if I even got the 15% discount.  It's the principle!!!Plus I gave him over a 20% tip!!!  Dinner for two $79.90, one goose $7 and tax $7.04 which came up to $93.94 for two people.  Nada discount....Food and dancing was 5 stars, but the shady thing the waiter did subtracted 4 stars...
I had heard of Marrakech and been wanting to go there for about a year already. My Birthday finally came around and i thought what better way to celebrate it then at Marrakech!!! Oh how wrong i was! the food was bland and really nothing exciting might of even tasted like something thrown together in 15 min. My  waiter made it an even worst experience ever. Making some racial Comments is so uncalled for and how very unprofessional. He was a more heavy set guy who is Cuban i believe. The food was being rushed.  the shrimp scampi was removed from my table when i had literally put the last shrimp in my mouth then i sipped my lentil soup when the Zalook and Hummus appeared. i dipped in maybe twice when the kabbobs and cous cous was already there and my humus was gone...before i new it everything was wrapped in a box to go all i needed was for someone to tell me ,DONT LET THE DOOR HIT YOUR BUT !! I will never go here again. One time for me is all it takes. It seems like it has great reviews from many pple but from what i see this place does have a problem with the customer service part. Tip to Waiter Keep the racial comments to your self Buddy. I will be telling all my friends about this place and what bad experience i had . i give Marrakech A BIG THUMBS DOWN!!!!
Marz' review rang a bell with me.  We also, purchases a groupon, and we tried to get reservations.  This meant we had to eat very late.  But I assumed that they had been filled up by groupon members.  No problem.  The reservations were two weeks out!Then, that evening, I was delayed in an out of town airport.  I called three hours prior to the reservation time to explain our reason for cancellation.  I asked to make new reservations but was told to call at another time! I then get a note from Open Table, the site you must reserve through, that I was listed as a "no show" and I was at risk of not being able to use open table again!  Needless to say, I was dismayed.  Then, I tried again to get reservations but they were so far out, I couldn't seem to book them on line so we decided to walk in.  In fact, I tried to get 5:30 reservations for Oct 3, but the site said there were none for that day.We walked in at 6 pm and were asked how many.  We indicated two, and my husband noted we have a groupon.  The gentleman then said, "We don't have availability tonight."Now, we were there 12 AFTER the time we wanted, and there was only ONE table with two people seated at it utilized.  The restaurant was EMPTY.  But they had no availability for us at 5:30, and none when we walked in.Obviously, they want to space out their groupon customers.  Well, I asked for a refund.  And I will never go back.  I'd love to review the food, but since I haven't been in a few years...I really can't.  I never got to try it.  Beware Marrakesh groupons!Thank goodness, Yolies, upstairs from Marrakesh, had a place for us.  We were able to eat to our heart's delight and had EXCELLENT service. They were quite full, but still found a quiet table to serve us!
I made a yelp account just to write this restaurant a review. If I could give them ZERO stars I would! My parents were going to Vegas for the first time to celebrate their 25th anniversary, and this is the first time they have gone on a trip together with just the two of them (having 4 kids makes it difficult for them to get away!) Well, I saw the great reviews for this restaurant and a groupon deal so I bought it as a gift for them. They showed up to the restaurant and the RUDE lady at the front told them that since they didn't have a reservation, they can't eat there, and that if they wanted to eat there they would have to come back ANOTHER DAY and that there were other restaurants in the area and that they should try something else. WHAT THE F WORD! My poor parents, who are not used to taking cabs (we live in the suburbs) asked if they could help call them a cab, and they said yeah we'll call someone but you're going to have to wait outside. THEY WOULDN'T EVEN LET MY PARENTS WAIT INSIDE FOR A CAB!! It's December, winter, and I double checked the website and did not see mandatory reservation required anywhere!!!! While they waited outside for 45 mins, people walking by looked and stared and no cab ever came. My dad had to go hail a cab outside in the main streets for them.They decided to go to this restaurant on a weds night at 6:30, and were rudely turned away and after cabbing here from their hotel, had to cab back. My mom said she has never felt so lowly, degraded, and embarrassed before from this awful customer service and it was a horrible way to end their 25th anniversary. Really Marrakech... no room on a WEDNESDAY night to fit in 2 people! And asking them to leave your restaurant I will be writing the owner a letter. SO DISAPPOINTED!
We spent the New Year's 2012 eve there. It WAS a unique dining experience alright - nevermore, thank you. Not fun. Not tasty. Disappointing in every respect.  My husband is Moroccan. Naturally I had high expectations for the place knowing the taste of Moroccan cuisine. Trust me, the taste of dishes could not have been more disappointing. How can you guys call yourself Moroccan restaurant when you cook the cous-cous without the basic ingredients!! The cous-cous we had was cooked without pumpkin, potato and chickpeas!! Only cabbage. Well, some slices of carrots, too. While It's the Traditional Moroccan dish! Unbelievable... Now for the dessert. Bastilla filed with chocolate and banana Where did you get that recipe It's a BAD mix of Moroccan and American tastes, if this is whet you were attempting to recreate. Hardly eatable... Now for the famous mint tea. We were not served that at all. Guess, they have decided that free champagne is a good substitute. Well, it was not. By the way, from the color of tea we saw being poured to a couple from another table, we can assume that it is not the best-tasting Moroccan tea either.     As for the entertainment, the dancing lady was lovely! BUT if we had entered the restaurant 10 minutes later - we would have missed her completely. And that was the ONLY entertainment offered for the New Year's eve. Don't even want to mention the music screaming as loudly as it only could from the speakers above our ears. And it was some stupid pop songs, not even a hint to oriental tunes!! Or was it a special offer due to the New Year's eve Another bad idea, gentlemen.  The entourage is shocking at first as everyone are sitting in front of each other, in one large hall. But you get used to it, so OK for a change.  All in all, we could NOT have been more disappointed by the restaurant. It by no means cost $140. The only reason why I asked the waited to pack the remains of our food to-go, was cuz I wanted to give the bastilla and the cous-cous another chance by eating them at home. It did not help...
TERRIBLE service policies. If you have a groupon, I would get your money back from groupon & purchase something else. I've had terrible experiences on 2 occasions(i walked out the first time and was forced to go the 2nd time)simply because management wants to be difficult. Rather than satisfying and building a loyal customer, they would rather screw their customers out of their money.  I guess it makes sense since I imagine no right minded person would go back a 2nd time, so they may as well get what they can on your first visit. Charging a party of 3 the price of a party of 4 makes no sense. At min. I should have received the 4th meal to go or been served posrtions for 4 people...not just get robbed of $43. If your not going to follow your fine print on Gift certs, then you shouldn't have it. The food was just Okay... I have definitely had better like food for a the same price or even less. I absolutely will not go back to this place. They are not accommodating whatsoever and apparently on the verge of shutting down if they are so desperate for an extra $43 dollars that they are willing to not obey their own policies and sacrifice the customer experience.
Ok since i have rate them with some form. I didn't even want to give them a star. But here you go.  We went there for my birthday last night.   There were 11 of us.   The server came over got our drink orders and introduced himself.  I couldn't hear what his name was so I asked him again. But he turned and walk off before I can finish asking.  So he comes back with our drinks and walks off. When he came back i asked if he can explain the menu for us since it was the first there for most of us. He the whole time telling us about the menu he just annoyed and irritated.   The menu without drinks is $45person and with drinks is $80person.  I asked if two people can do without drinks menu due health.  One of my friend is pregnant and the other just had a surgery and is on antibiotics.  He responded "NO".  And he walks off... again.  Mind you the place had only one other party beside us. He then comes back with our drinks. I had ordered the lemon and mango martini and it came with a strain of hair.  I tried telling him about it but just ignore me or didn't hear me and walks away.  What it came down to was the experience there was horrible for a wonderful occasion that we had planned a month ago trying to get people together.  But luckily the night wasn't ruin we all decided to leave and walked over to SATAY ASIAN BAR & BISTRO.  Thank goodness for their excellent service they made my birthday fun with laughters. Thank you SATAY ASIAN BAR & BISTRO.  As for Marrakech, I would never recommend this place.  And just let me remind you that my friends and I are servers and bartenders.  So we deal with tourists day in day out.  And once again I (we) would NOT recommend this place to anyone.  Thanks for reading.
We went to La Kahima with a groupon for two. Our deal was *supposed* to include appetizers, a choice between 3 main meals (1 vegeterian, 1 chicken, 1 beeflamb), hibiscus drinks, tea, and dessert of the day.Turns out, that's what EVERYONE gets, groupon or not, as that's ALL they have.As soon as we arrived, the owner explained us that instead of letting us choose each one of the three main meals (as it was stated on the groupon), he was going to put all three choices in a platter for us. We thought, yeah why not! Sounds good! Again, turns out that's what EVERYONE gets, whether you like it or not.Not everyone however, gets the same portions according to this dishonest establishment! Everyone else around us was there with a groupon as well, and while they all got the hibiscus drink, it wasn't even offered to us as an option (even though we technically paid for it). The owner told us that for appetizer he would bring us a choice of different dips with pita, while really we got a platter with a bunch of canned corn and peas, and a tiny bit of a not-so-good zucchini dip. The people sitting beside us got 3 different types of dips, including the eggplant one, which is the one I really wanted to try. The owner told us that, regarding the main course, there was no lamb, only beef, and we agreed to it. Ten minutes later our neighbors got served lamb AND beef meatballs. We got 3 beef meatballs in our platter, our neighbors got 6. Again, SAME groupon, SAME amount of people. Lastly, we were not served any water until 30 minutes after we arrived.In other words, this place is a very smart money trap. Be aware! Definitely not worth the $30 groupon + $15 of taxes & tip. STAY AWAY!
We went to this place with a groupon. The owner offered us a 'special' meal because he supposably really liked us as guests. We would get to taste every type of tagine (chicken, beef and vegetarian)...that seemed like plenty of food for three people! They started us off with a soup. Quite tasty, but...my cousin found a thick black hair in her soup. Not ok! And then, to make matters worse, she found a little piece of bone. I don't think this is part of a traditional pea soup, right We complained and the waiter apologized. The owner said he would make up for it with a delicious three type tagine platter. When we got the tagine platter, it turned out everyone around us (with a groupon probably) had EXACTLY the same thing. The owner was obviously just fooling us in telling us that he would make us something special. On top of that, the portions were quite small, really not enough for three people. Afterwards we got our desert: small pieces of almondpaste mixed with sugar (I was actually crunching on the sugar, disgusting). After this dinner disaster was over, we got our bill, paid it and didn't leave a tip. The owner yelled something at me as I walked out the door (probably about not tipping). The whole fiasco was finally over. My advice: STAY AWAY
I went to Casablanca Cafe on Saturday (02.05.11) and walked in but nobody was there.  After a while someone walked out from the back and he said "sit anywhere", but with an attitude.  I ordered the special "Seafood Pealla Plate". However, when it came out I began to eat it and I found that I was eating the shell of the mussell.  I told the owner that there was a cracked shell in my plate with pieces throughout the plate. He shrugged his shoudlers and said that " You have to be careful with pealla".  I was floored with this response.  I explained that shells are not edible and he said "that was how we make it".  He then began to tell me the history of where pealla came from.  I told him to forget the history lesson and I will pay and go.  After paying I left and was miles away when I realized he charged me full price even though I ordered the special, which was at a discounted price.  I will NEVER go back to this place again, and I do not advise that you go either.
I wish I had gotten the chance to try their food. My husband and I went to the restaurant at 12:30pm this afternoon for lunch. The cafe still had their open light on but their doors were locked. We peered in the window to see the lights on but no one inside: I assumed the cashier had to use the restroom and temporarily locked the doors. We walked around for a couple minutes and came back to find the door locked again, this time when we looked in the window we saw two staff members looking back at us and then duckedhid behind their curtains. SO RUDE!I would have been understanding if they left a note on the door, or turned off their open sign, or simply come to the door and told us they were closed. I have worked in restaurants and retail and I have never seen such blatant disregard for potential customers or such rude and childish avoidance! I think I'll stick with Akropolis.
I spend lots of money on food, ethnic food specifically cause I am a great cook.  If I go out to eat its gonna be wings or something from another country.  This was a long time favorite but I'd say in the last year this place has changed and they have lost me as a regular customer.  The food is ok, but way overpriced and the portions are pretty sad.  Not sure if people know that a 2lbs of couscous cost about $3.00 and it cooks up to enough to feed a family of 4.  So what they are charging for this dish is wayyy off.  I know they use a lot of different spices but none that isn't readily available in America.
I went here a couple times because I liked the food and the scenery. Last time I went I had hair in my food. I recommend you check your food before eating it here
We held an intimate birthday lunch at this restaurant today, and it sadly did not impress any of us.  Although the pitas, babaganouj, and paella were of decent quality and flavorful, the fries used were previously frozen, the salads were bagged and topped with Wish Bone-esque Italian dressing, and the service was terribly slow and disorganized.  The waiter would deliver one things at a time; it was just awkward and inefficient.  Although he was pleasant (once or twice he even made a few funny jokes during order-taking) throughout the meal, he quickly turned irritated when we pointed out the mistakes he made on our check that would have cost us an additional $10 - $12 overall for a party of 6.  The only way we caught it was due to the awkward was they had us check out one by one, and the last person in our party had all the extra charges, so it was clear.  The one star on this review is merely for the good chicken gyro I had.
Couscous was simply awful. The effort put on the dish was very minimum at it had a bland taste. Disgusting. Other items on the menu... not for me anymore!!
Awful experience.  Average food and service does not make up for one of the worse dining experiences of my life.  Beware if you expect to spend more than an hour eating.  They'll ask you to leave.  They don't need to worry - we'll never return.
I hate to only put 1 star but it is deserved. PROS: Roasted Red Pepper Hummus made fresh.  Good portion sizes and fresh ingredients.CONS: The server was rude, impatient and felt like we were on her schedule.  She snapped at us when we inquired about our appetizers. Once we had our entrees, she watched over us like a hawk.  Felt rushed and uncomfortable.  With it being such a small establishment, her hovering made us feel like we were in a mouse-hole.We could not find any lamb in the Lamb Stew. The couscous in the grilled chicken skewer couscous was soggy and unflavored. Extremely disappointed in the dish since it is basically the establishment's name. The sandwich was clumsily made and fell apart with the first bite.  Not much flavor, especially for Moroccan food.Never returning.
On a snowy night in late February we walked to this establishment.  We were seated right away, but then the long wait began.  There were 6 of us and we were not that hungry.  The reviews on this place were good in yelp, so we expected much more than we got.  We ordered 3 of the prix fix menu which the waiter said would be enough for us.  He said that he was not a waiter there, but filling in to help them out as they had scheduled a large party.  We waited about 40 minutes to get any food.  The portions were skimpy, and the quality of some of the dishes was ridiculous.  It took us several hours to get the food, and it was eaten quickly as we got hungry waiting.  Then we asked to take our desert to go, as we did not want to stay there any longer.  They refused to serve us our desert, which was included in our package.  When we asked them to adjust the bill for it, they refused.  I wanted to warn folks about this place as it was one of the worst dining experiences that each of the six of us had ever experienced.  reluctant to even give one star, except the system does not allow zero.
The worst dining experience I have had in years.  If I were not with 5 friends, though they were agonizing over the service, I think I would have gone nuts.  The pri fixe dinner portions were tiny, then they refused to serve dessert, and would not give us any break in the price.  Service was almost non existent, extremely slow.  You won't find me ever going back.
Had a terrible experience this winter.  I wrote it up and it is not listed.  6 of us had a terrible time
Just to let you know - Restaurant El Morocco no longer exists. They sold the restaurant, making it no longer Kosher, and eventually it closed it doors.(It's too bad, since there are no longer Kosher restaurants downtown)
Don't ever have your daughter apply at this store..... The staff or rude and very unprofessional. The girl want boys and the people that interview don't know how to.
Interesting the reviews here are less than stellar already. I would normally not review a chain retail store, but the service I received today just really got my blood boiling.I will state, as I always do in these types of situations, that I have worked many years in retail. I know what you're supposed to do. I know the ways I've displayed exemplary service and I know the ways I've slacked off. I get it, I really do.So I'm in the store early. Hardly any people in there. Weird for the Semi-Annual Sale time of year. Usually it doesn't matter what time you're there during the sale, it's always busy. I went through my usual bins and picked up a mess of undies and bras. Since no one was at the check out counter and I needed a spot to go through things, I set them down and started to try and chat with the sales chick. I actually always like to do this, just to shoot the breeze, but also to get their opinions on items I'm buying. The girl behind the counter was having non of this though.I asked her about a bra and she said she didn't know about that one, but said it should work. I understand, you can't try them all. But the thing that really irked me was that she was definitely not hiding her annoyance at me setting down my things on the counter. I even looked back to make sure there were no people checking out behind me. Ghost town. Tumbleweed rolled by. No one.So I'm going through my stuff and separating what I want and don't want and she's sighing and grabbing things saying "Soooo, you DON'T want these" Um, I'm not asking you to help me sort things. I'm not holding up a line. I'm just trying to not spend $$$ on an accidental XS pair of undies that got mixed in! After that, it's not exactly what she said, but how she acted. I have never felt more uncomfortable in a retail store before. I ended up grabbing my discards and putting them back myself (which I really don't mind doing, but after she huffed and puffed, I didn't even want to deal with her). The thing is, I was nice the entire time. I don't expect you to sit there and be sugary sweet either. Just do what you were hired to do. Be nice and sell some bras. If you come to work in a bad mood, the real world is not going to give you a hug. Suck it up and do your job or work where you don't have to talk to anyone else ever.
My wife and I have been talking about checking this place out for years but since we live out of town it's not that easy to just stop in.Finally we have a chance to check it out last night.... and they're closed for inventory. Judging by the FedEx notices on the door, it's been closed for 3 days. No other info other than a note that says "Sorry FedEx :(" and a cardboard cutout of a scantily clad woman in the glass doorway that's meant to obscure your view of the inside.Maybe one of these days we'll see what it looks like on the inside... if it's not still closed for inventory.
Ah, Red Letter. I heard they got rid of their jerk off booth. Which maybe helps their case of being less skeevy. I'm not really against jerk off booths, but I have heard some crazy stories about this particular one. It didn't seem well monitored. I really hate the selection here and the prices are higher than other's. They seemed to have more fetish stuff than Selective though. So I guess there's that. Overall I'd suggest staying away, Red Letter has a bad rep for a reason.
Their service is horrible which is a surprise because nobody its hardly in there. I visit a VS store 2-3 times a month.  I came into this site it was bout really packed I needed help and was ignored the whole time. Someone came in I heard the "Welcome to Victoria Secret,  can i help you find anything" it kinda felt like a slap in my face. When I was paying for my stuff the woman asked if anyone helped me.  I had explained to her that everyone ignored me when I seeked help m the service was horrible. All she did was continue to ignore and have a dude conversation. I ended up leaving the stuff I was going to buy because I was so disgusted.
If I could give this place zero stars, I would. Well guys, I just got back from Victoria's Secret and same old same old.I HATE coming here for a number of reasons.1. Does anyone ever work here Every time i walk in theres like nobody working. i will see 2 girls at most and their always busy helping other people or "pretending to look busy" .. If i am lucky enough to get someones attention and speak to an associate there always so DAMN rude!! Some things i've noticed with the sales associates are their middle aged woman trying to be "sexy". Excuse me but its not my fault that your a middle aged woman working retail in a mall, so please change your attitude towards me and give me some service.2. Whenever I find what I need theres hardly ever any selection, they are always out of my size or color or style and im left with the leftovers. 3. the victoria secret deals are complicated at this location. i always have a problem whenever i bring in a free panty card or a ten dollars off card. etc. they always mess up my transactions and i always have to return and fix it. and when i do try to come back and fix it im left with their attitudes again like they didnt mess anything up i remember one time i came in and asked a sales associate if this deal was still going on where if you spend a certain amount of money say 70 bucks you get a free duffle bag.. she said yes so i did some shopping and went to check out. when i got to the register the lines were soooooo long. when i finally made it to the front and made my purchases i had noticed that the lady had forgotten my duffle bag so i went back to the store and politely told her and she responds "oh we ran out". excuse me If you had ran out of duffle bags why didnt you tell me when i had asked you when i walked in the store I was so angry.this is my 6th time coming back here and idk why i do, i guess I just have some sort of hope that my next visit will always be better. but no, eek, me thinks not.
Before now, I've never been ignored by sales associates when the store is virtually empty. Maybe the exhaustion from all of the weekend's sales drained all of the sales luster. Despite my fitting room request light being lit for over 5 min with no attendant ever coming to my assistance, I still managed on my own. Spending over $100 at an establishment deserves at least a little customer assistance.
Trying to shop at this store for a bra for my 80 year old mother was an exruciating and miserable experience. Troubles began when the salesperson insisted my mother be fitted for a masectomy bra when she hasn't had a masectomy ! When we tried to express our concerns about the poor fit of the bras they were giving her to try on the 2 staff that were present were unresponsive to our concerns and rude. Needless to say we won't be returning. I would advise potential customers to reconsider where they would purchase their lingerie unless they can fit their own bras and don't expect any customer service. The needs of the customer are not a concern for the staff at this place of business.
Didn't have matching bottoms:\
Another horrible service by Victoria secrets I would think that going out-of-state would make the service better but no everything is officially the same, plain horrible. All I wanted to do was come in and buy a strapless bra maybe even two or three spend I don't know a hundred $200. They brought me into the dressing room and I got measured and I was told that I was a 34 double D. I have always been a B or C cup my entire life. This is the one store where they will tell you that you have bigger boobs than you really do to make yourself feel better. I was told that I was double D but if I go to another store and I look at their double D's they will fit my head! I told the lady just please bring me every type of strapless bra that you have in my cup size and it took her 10 minutes to bring each individual bra. I was shocked! I would've been able to pick out all the strapless bras they had in the entire store in the color that I wanted in that 10 minutes. She brought me all the ugly bras that were not even push up that I asked her for....  I just left the bras on the chair and left. Never coming back here again. You just lost a customer that would be spending several hundreds of dollars a month.
I've eaten here once after having it suggested by numerous people, I was totally disappointed with the service, food, and the place itself, I will not be headed back......everSave your money, or starve either would be a better option
This was the first time for me and my wife at the celebrated Cafe Zinho. Parking in the residential area in which the restaurant is located is next to impossible on a busy Saturday night; the diner should be prepared to walk a distance to get to the restaurant from where he or she is ultimately able to park.  The greatest drawback is that the restaurant is tiny and the seating so tight that at our table, it was necessary to sit uncomfortably in order to avoid being bumped by anyone that walked by, which happened repeatedly as we were in a busy thoroughfare of food delivery.  No other table offered a much better situation and all others were occupied at the busy time we arrived, 6:45 p. m. The online menu boasts of a daily vegetarian and vegan special entree, but there was no such entree on this night.  There was only one non-meat item on the small menu, ravioli.  Our gracious server, Ramon, said that the kitchen could prepare a couscous and vegetable dish if the vegetarian in our party wanted it, and that was what we did.  The restaurant permits customers to bring their own alcoholic beverages, a nice convenience and savings for the diner.  A small portion of bread was served with a tiny amount of rock-hard butter.  My mushroom and cheese soup was a large portion, served piping hot, which was great, but it was a puree with no distinct mushroom pieces.  I would not have been able to distinguish it as mushroom soup.  All of our entrees were attractively presented and were tasty, average size portions.  All were served with a small amount of good, fresh vegetables. It would be helpful if the menu offered some description of the following entree so that the diner with an interest in a chicken dish would not have to inquire about it of the server:  "chicken maputoRoasted w piri piri & chocolate scented sauce".  Does the average diner know what "maputo" and "piri piri" are The lemon tart dessert was a small piece not suitable for sharing, served with two minute pieces of strawberries and a small dollop of whipped cream.  It was not flavorful or moist nor worth the calories.  The gracious owner, Tony Pais, stopped at our table for a moment to greet us, a nice touch, and there were quality checks by a manager and Ramon.  I noticed a number of prominent people from the community dining here, individuals whom I was surprised were willing to spend a good deal of money to be packed into a sardine can of a restaurant.  Apparently they consider this to be the only restaurant in town.  The rest rooms are small, one-person facilities, naturally. An unfortunate surprise occurred when the individual that was picking up the check for my party presented his credit card only to be told that the restaurant accepts only cash and checks, this for a tariff of $148 plus gratuity.  It is supposed to be of some consolation that there is an Automatic Teller Machine on site.  I imagine less than 1% of expensive restaurants today are cash only.  Cafe Zinho is a highly flawed restaurant, demonstrating that there is more to a fine dining experience than simply offering fine cuisine.  If one is able to get beyond the feeling one has when visiting the rest room on a commercial airliner, the diner might enjoy it: not us.I posted comments about the restaurant at its Facebook page, in which I noted my displeasure with being cramped and uncomfortable, and about the restaurant being unique in its unwillingness to accept credit cards for a $148 check.  An individual identifying himself as the manager, who apparently had never received constructive criticism from anyone, initially demonstrated rage, posting a message that I can go to the Oiive Garden the next time I dine out.  He later added with similar condescension that I can use a coupon and a credit card at The Olive Garden.  Later, he thought better of his outburst and removed the comments...along with mine.  He ultimately offered me and my wife the opportunity to return to the restaurant at his expense.  I thanked him for the offer, but told him that one experience at Cafe Zinho was enough.  I had no intention of returning even if he had responded to my comments like a gentleman.
My partner and I were visiting my family in Pittsburgh we live in San Diego. my partner was born and raised in Portugal. My mom heard about this resaurant and was excited to take my partner and I to a Portuguese restaurant in Pittsburgh. We went, looked at the menu and did not find anything Portuguese on the menu. Why does this restaurant promote itself as Portuguese, fly the Portuguese flag and not have ANY Portuguese dishes. We left.
Owner is a moron. We waited for over 40 mns for our chicken. Spoke to the owner about it but he didnt do a thing about it. When we left, in front of our 6 yrs old, he told me "so was it worth it bitching about your chicken" amongst other thing. He was very rude and blaming his staff (our waitress went 3 times to check with the kitchen!) for it being so long. My husband told him to be polite and he then insulted my husband and wanted to fix it with a fight and said he was lucky his son was there
What the heck is wrong with all the five star reviewers Went here last night. No sense of hygiene. Un-eaten bread is reused for next table. Hot sauce is put on with a brush directly onto eaten food without being washed or changed between tables. Yuck. Lost my appetite here.
Horrible food.  I can't believe that the place was filled to capacity with such disgusting food.  I was so sick all night after eating here.  Will never go back.
My dear girlfriend and I both agreed to try out Chez le Portugais while searching for an eatery spot on St-Laurent.The place: Rather small, cosy, well located and has a traditional look to it.The food: The actual menu consists of low quality black and white paper pages stapled together. Beat that fancy restaurants! So we both had grilled chicken with potatoes. Very disappointing. Chicken was overly cooked and dry. Potatoes were average at best. Bread was also dry and brought to us too late. Pretty overpriced for very average food! The wine was ok though.The service: Despite the restaurant being rather unoccupied, we had to wait for our water, menus, food and another good 20 minutes for the bill. The waiter was unfriendly, didn't seem very pleased to explain to us the menu and he smelled. Ouch!Needless to say, there are so many great Portuguese restaurants in Montreal, that we will not go back here.
One of the worst restaurant I've ever went to. Would rather go back to McDonalds (something that I've not done in 8+ years) then to go back to this place. Avoid like the plague!!!
My daughter did a trial class and loved it.  We signed her up and she went to one class and then got scared for some reason and would not go back.  I understand they do not do refunds, but I just wanted to talk to someone about getting a partial refund or credit for my other daughter to do a class.  Even if they didn't let me get a refund or credit, I just wanted to hear from them.  I left 2 messages with people and 3 messages on their machine.  NO RESPONSE EVER.  Just call me please and let   me know either way.
Very unaccomodating and expensive!  If your kids cannot make it to camp one day of the week, they will not allow a makeup day and the price stays the same.  They charge a "late fee" if you want to come the same day, and don't seem to care whether they turn away new clients or customers because they are more interested in money.  Gold Metal Gymnastics in Chandler, although a bit further, is a better option.  They are friendly, kind, and know that with children and our lives, things don't always work out exactly as we want.  Save your money and go to another camp that cares about families and kids, and not about nickel and diming you.
I wished I could give them zero stars. My daughter attended coach Ed's the high rollers class and was harassed and treated awful. This coach has a demeaning attitude and makes excuses for everything.  I noticed from the first class that the coach didn't have patience with the kids and would get frustrated if they didn't do the moves correctly even on the first try. During the second class my daughter had a blister and asked the coach if she could go to the bathroom to wash off the chalk. I could see from the viewing window that he grabbed her hand and could also see my daughter's face in pain. My daughter came running to me and he had squeezed her hand so tight that he burst her blister. My daughter is not sensitive at all and has taking gymnastics at other gyms and I know that this is not the way to threat kids. After the class I talked to the coach and all got from him was complaints about how the other coaches in the gym don't see eye to eye with him and he deviated the conversation to other stuff,. I also talked to my daughter's previous coach to explain my concerns. I was told that since he only had two-three fingers in one hand he might have burst her blister by mistake, but said that his demeanor was different from all the other coaches. During her last class she was told by the coach Ed if she was deaf multiple times and was told to go away. During my whole time dealing with this coach was pure torture for me and my daughter, he does not give kids a chance to learn the moves nor he showed that he cared about the kids or had regard for parents. After that incident my daughter walked out of the class and told me everything. I immediately talked to the front desk and she informed me that the gym knew of coach Ed and that they he has had previous problems with other parentskids. I spoke with the owner, but I got the feeling that I was ignored. I got part of my money back, but not all because she said that I only had a problem with one coach. To me it shows that she does not take responsibility for her employees and did not really showed much concern. Yes it was only one coach, but it only takes one person to do damage. My only regret is taking my daughter here, and I will not referred anyone to this hell place. Their website contradicts to what actually happens here..beware it is not a safe learning environment.
This review is based on observing my daughter's class in the 'firecrackers' group...I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS COMPANY FOR 'FIRST TIMERS' OR INEXPERIENCED TODDLERS. How class goes; there are two instructors per class. One instructor gives a quick demonstration giving them instructions what to do on the equipment at each station. The kids chose which station they want to start at and then they rotate from station to station. What I've been seeing; all the kids are at different skill levels, different heights, different ages, and some are better at following directions than others. While some of the children are able and capable of maneuvering around the equipment themselves other children who are too little or inexperienced end up waiting around until either A. The instructors finally make their way to helping a different station, B. a kid gets impatient and has to ask the instructor for help or C. The child gets bored and starts wandering around and doing whatever they please, getting in the way of the other kids. Let me be honest and say, my daughter was definitely 'C'. She is too short to reach most of the equipment on her own, she is also inexperienced in gymnastics and she has a high energy level with very little attention span. Throughout most of class she was waiting around for help, get bored and do her own thing ultimately getting in the way of everyone else. Several times neither of the instructors noticed that she walked away to another class or was off in a corner away from everyone just playing by herself. The instructors neglect in engaging with the children. All I have seen them do is spot the children on the equipment. They do not have any kind of activities for the children to do together as a class, they do nothing to make their learning experience a fun experience. I'm not trying to tell anyone how to do their jobs but perhaps it could be beneficial to divide the kids into two groups, one group per instructor and start at two different stations rotating together, keeping the kids into two groups instead of four-five. Maybe that way the kids can each possibly get more attention from the instructor and even be kept an eye on more easily. I don't know if it would work, but its a suggestion...they definitely need to rethink what they can do to better organize the class as a whole and better engage the kids, it would be appreciated for them to evaluate what they can do to maximize the services they are being paid for. I absolutely did not respect one of the instructors putting my daughter on a time out during a class. He said she was too hyper and he didn't want she or any of the kids to get hurt so he put her on a time out to calm down. I understand that he was thinking of their safety BUT I didn't believe a time out was fair because honestly if they had been paying more attention they would have noticed her standing in line waiting to be helped for almost 10mins before she decided to have free play. And each time she went to another station she would wait for so long before getting bored. Can you blame her (or any other kid) she's only 4, five minutes to them is equivalent to 30-60 minutes. I am not upset about the time out itself, I do believe in discipline, I care that she got put in time out for entertaining herself due to the lack or organization by the instructors. Truthfully the class looks like 'free play' being monitored by instructors who only help them on the equipment...after they wait and wait and wait until one of them are available. They could improve their class by adding activities and games that relate to gymnastics and can help bring the class together as a whole. Also...I can't stress this enough...the instructors really need to engage with the children rather than just "spotting" them on the equipment. Fortunately I used a Groupon deal before deciding to register for regular classes. She has one more class to complete and then we will be looking into other gymnastic businesses.  I am exceptionally disappointed with the experience my daughter has had with this company. Fortunately she is only 4 so she doesn't know the difference, but she will absolutely not be returning.
I learned about this place on Groupon they had a great special and I decided to buy it. Worst mistake ever, place is dirty always smells bad, over crowded, staff is not aprochable. I do have to say her coach was nice he helped my daughter but that was not the case will all staff, then to top it off christmas event came around no proper training for the kids to participate more than 200 people in a lobby that maybe has capasity for 50 people. Do to the lack of practise provided to my child i requested my money back for the amount it cost me to enroll my child in the christmas event which was denied nor did she participate, I could not let my child attend an event where she would be scored by judges and set her up for failure. WORST Gymnastics school in town.
If you are looking for a gym that is more concerned about their reputation then your kid - well sign up!   I had a boy and a girl on their team.  My daughter's confidence was destroyed and it took almost 6 months to rebuild her self-esteem (new coaches have worked hard to turn her around).  My son got burnt out with the intensity of the mens coach (he's 10).  Luckily, both kids are in good spots now.  Don't go here.  There are many other gyms in the valley and yes, the facilities are beautiful but not worth the toll on your kids' psyche.
I called to inquire about private tumbling lessons for my teenager who is thinking of trying out for cheerleading but doesn't have tumbling skills.  Paul said that before we spent money on privates, I should bring her in to open gym for an evaluation.  Because my daughter is a beginner gymnast, and I've seen the experienced tumblers at open gym, I asked if we could do it some other time, as she would be uncomfortable in front of everyone.  Paul said that since cheerleaders have to perform in front of crowds, maybe she should re-evaluate cheer.Seriously  Does a cheerleader go in front of everyone and do a cheer they never learned before  Of course not, they practice in private and perform when they are ready.  Do you know anything about my daughter except I said she was shyNot the type of comment I'd want for a potential coach.  Not the smartest business move either....
Just had my first visit here. Employees were so busy working they neglected to ask customers if they needed help. I overheard two employees talk about how slow it was. I bet if they spent their time helping customers BEFORE they are asked the day would go much faster. I left without being helped and cash still in my pocket.I won't be back as this store has a serious management problem.
Well let me start by saying there is in fact a couple of real good guy older guys behind the gun counter at this store but it sure DOES NOT make up for the one jerk named Seth!Good luck to you if you decide to actually attempt to purchase a fireman here and by all means steer clear of Seth! He is a very unprofessional person and really should not be in customer service. I do hope Sportsman Warehouse gets ride of this guy before more people (like myself) walk out and do not buy and never will again! Try the local Arizona company online called Gallery Of Guns. Great customer service and great prices.Sportsman Warehouse grade: F
I ate here with my husband as a convenient stop before we went shopping.  It's cafeteria food, people.  I didn't go in there thinking I was going to get a five star meal for $3.99.  I got the veggie pasta w alfredo sauce and my husband got the spaghetti and meatballs.  I couldn't even make it through half of the store before I felt super duper sick.  No more cafeteria food for this girlie.  Stick with the hot dogs and ice cream that you can get after check out....
disgusting, VERY very bland no flavor at all. Food is usually overcooked and cold from sitting out for so long.
Awful everything. From the bad service, to the diluted soup, to the lame-no chicken on the chicken salad, to the PRE-fabricated pizza. AVOID THIS PLACE!
Well, it started well. Food was okay. Deep dish pizza was good. But the salad we had - too tiny portion!!!We were greeted and seated well. But later the service was not all good. Bad bad service. First of all we had to ask for everything we wanted. The server didn't even had courtesy to ask if we wanted anything more or would like to go for deserts. She just handed over the check when we even didn't ask for it (we wanted to order more).Later when we talked about this in the front, the girl there also just listened and said "okay", not even a sorry once!!!I would not like to go there again... :(
I hate this place.It's very loud, the service is very poor, and the food is so-so.If you want good Chinese in Pittsburgh, try China Palace (Shadyside) or Sesame Inn (Station Square or North Hills).  They're quieter, with very good food & service.
Honestly, I'm furious. I enjoyed PF Chang's restaurants in the Chicago area, and my wife and I have eaten a few times at this Pittsburgh-area location. Over the last year, we have tried repeatedly, but the 90-120 minute wait for dinner is unacceptable. We tried going early, late -- it never made any difference. The front staff was rude, and the wait was too long.Tonight, we had a special date planned, and made reservations a week in advance. We came in the door exactly on time, waited in the line to see the front staff, and we were promptly handed a pager. They couldn't tell us when we would be seated.I imagined a short wait, so we went outside, crossed into a store to wait (since the entrance of this location is so packed, it's impossible to wait at the bar or in the meager seating).After 20 minutes we gave up. We went back to PF Chang's and the front office staff still couldn't tell us when we would be seated. I saw open tables.What on earth is the point of accepting reservations if you do not honor themThe food here is good, but certainly not great. We went to a local Thai place and were seated with no problem in 5 minutes. The food was much better, the service was good even in a crowded busy restaurant. Oh, and the local place was a much more reasonable price.We certainly will never visit PF Chang's again.
This was my first time at this PF Chang's and I was not impressed. The service was extremely slow even though it was a Sunday night and the restaurant was not very busy. The portions were small. They were also playing 5 year old pop music really loud. Pop music! Come on--this is an "Asian Bistro."
Rude unwelcoming short haired black hostess. Drinks were not good. Greasy spring  rolls Below par on every way.  No experience needed to work here
Walked in tonight, Wednesday, at 9:50, the place was empty. Asked for a table, the hostess told us one moment when she finds one for us, then proceeded to walk to a dirty table and clean it!  The phone rang and she answered it as we stood at the door. When she hung up the phone she walked back to the table and proceeded to clean it again!!  Didn't say a word to us. Unbelievable!  Will not be back there-- rude hostess!
We went last night Saturday night to P.F.Chang located at the Kierlands in Scottsdale. Terrible Experience!!! after waiting over one hour to be seated, we ordered calamari for appetizer which came with a horrible strange salty sauce and salt and pepper mix on the side. then I ordered beef and broccoli and my husband ordered a vegetarian dish with peanut sauce . After a long wait my food came so salty that I could not even eat and as much as I hate to complain but I had to let the waiter know, so he went to get me one with less salt. My husband's dish was OK. then the second one was a bit less salty but the meat had a terrible liver kind of taste which totally turned my stomach. I feel the reason they added so much salt was to hide the bad tasting rotted meat. Very bad experience. Our waiter was kind and sympathetic. ruined my evening out :(
Let me start off by saying I have mostly simple tastes, and my favorite lunch spot for Chinese has been the New Dumpling House in Squirrel Hill. But since that restaurant is undergoing renovations, I was forced to try something new.So... I thought I'd try the chain PF Chang's Chinese Restaurant at the Waterfront. Wow, what an unsatisfying mistake that turned out to be.I started with a cup of their Wonton soup. At $2.95 it wasn't too outrageous of a price, the broth had some flavor and there was much more in it than I was used to, including three giant basil (I think) leafs that covered everything beneath. In the broth were chunks of chicken, two shrimp, some sliced water chestnuts and two "pork"-filled wontons. As I said, the broth had decent flavor, but the wontons were thick, doughy and under-cooked, and the chicken chunks were dry, which is amazing since they were drowned in broth! On a scale of bad to good, it was kind of meh.Next came my "lunch-portion" order of Chang's Kung Pao Chicken (the dinner portion is $5 more). At the New Dumpling House, this dish is served with a delectable dark, rich, tangy sauce, which I was really hoping for... Not at PF Chang's. On my plate I received about 8 quarter-size chunks of lightly breaded and browned chicken, 7 hot Chinese red chili peppers (mostly inedible unless they are diced into a sauce), a handful of blanched, unsalted peanuts, a few sliced scallions, and a bed of the most bland brown rice I have ever encountered. Uncle Ben would've been ashamed if that stuff came out of one of his boxes.Glaringly, there was NO SAUCE!. None at all.I've had Kung Pao Chicken in New York City, San Francisco, and even from a hole in the wall in Bethel Park, PA that was much, much better. Never have I had it served in such a bland, skimpy, and overpriced way! The "lunch-portion" cost was $9.95.At The New Dumpling House, I could have a delicious lunch, with soup, entree and complimentary hot tea, and I could leave satisfied with just $8 out-of-pocket -- and that includes the tip.The service was decent. However, lesson learned. One and done. Never going back to PF Changs.
Dead Roach on the Bamboo on my steam dumpling basket. I got up and left. This is the only time i've gotten up and left besides an hour wait at Denny's.  F'ing gross!!
While there were no insect carcasses in my food, I was still not very impressed with my meal at PF Chang's.  I went for a "business lunch" with my boss.  Who thought I would ever enjoy working more than eating--I think this meal was a first!I got steamed veggies and brown rice.  Now I expected it to be pretty bland, since it mentioned no sauces added at all.  But the vegetables were rubbery, not crisp like they should be after a good steaming. The rice was pretty underdone as well, so all-in-all, they got nothing right.  I tried adding some sauces to liven it up a bit, but it was too little, too late.Perhaps the biggest disappointment was the egg drop soup.  I usually add pepper to mine because I like the extra kick, but this needed much more help than a little pepper.  It was very bland, and didn't taste like anything.  Tasteless egg in water is definitely NOT something you want to keep eating.  And, of course, there was no salt and pepper on the table, so I couldn't even enjoy it the way I like. Because I didn't pay, I didn't complain to the waiter, but normally this would not have passed by me.  Though the lunch prices are pretty reasonable, I still would not return here if given the choice.
I had a horrible experience getting take out from the local PF Changs take out. I had been home and not feeling well the last couple of days craving take out from PF Chang's. I found it the worst food I have ever gotten at from PF Changs in 2 states in the last 10 years. The gallon of "fresh" tea was so syrupy I could not drink it. The vegetarian dish had soggy vegetables and awful tasting curry that I could not eat it. The side order of fried green beans was soft, soggy, and very cold with a poorly made fish sauce on the side. I could not eat any of it and I spent a small fortune ordering for my family. I would have returned it for a reorder, however I have been getting over an illness and not able to drive. My daughter who picked it up had to leave. What happened to this restaurant It was an awful dining experience and I do expect some type of reparation for this terrible eating experience. I ended up eating crackers and peanut butter at home instead. Just awful!To add insult to injury, this is the same restaurant where I found that the wait staff would pocket the change from the bill when paid with cash. I let this pass the first time and the 2nd time I asked the manager if this was their policy, with an embarrassed looks from the nearby wait staff. I used to absolutely love this chain, however it has become a poor excuse for a restaurant. I wrote the main office
come on.... if you want Chinese, dont go to a chain owned by Americans.  THis is a waste of time and money.
Consistently disappointing...I struggled with whether to provide 1 or 2 stars and finally landed on one due to several factors: experience, price, and overall poor food quality.  Having visited PFs several times in the past I had vowed not to return but was persuaded by my wife and the nagging popularity of the place that has me asking myself: 'Maybe I am missing something here'...We did takeout and were told when we called that it would require an hour to prepare the food (we had called at 6PM and were expecting a little time, however that seemed excessive).  Upon arrival they had screwed up the order and to their credit did try to make things right by providing the food error to us for free while working 'on a rush' to correct the mistake.  All fine and good, but caused a delay of 25 minutes for our food with a screaming 2 week old in the car.  We had Lo Mein that was excessively greasy while the vegetables lacked any crisp.  The dish had little flavor behind the grease, but with enough Sararchi sauce I could numb my mouth beyond taste. It felt like a dish that had been reheated in the microwave.  The portion was large, but whats a good sized portion if the food is low quality.  My wife had crispy honey shrimp that was slightly better, but the portion in this case was on the skimpy side.  Their heralded lettuce wraps were just OK as well, with more water chestnuts than chicken and again lacking much flavor. With the overall poor experience we will steer of PFs in the future and look for smaller, more locally owned operations for our Aisan fix.
i found out that portion size is good, then bad. i complained to corporate and they blocked my ip address. do not go there, they have no customer service!!!
Great experience in previous visit in Orlando so tried this one in Charlotte. Apps were cold.  Waiter was loud and too casual.  Cream curdled in coffee.  Sea bass was steamed spinach coated in soy sauce.  After I have been to all other Charlotte restaurants, we may try it again.
Another bad experience two times in a row. There must be a shortage of waitstaff in Charlotte because these people shouldn't even be working at Walmart. Both times we went for lunch and took an hour and a half. They served soup which took almost 40 minutes to get egg drop and it look like low tide in Louisiana. Big chunks of gray and black eggs floating in my egg drop soup, waitress looking at me like I was crazy. The manager came over to serve our food and asked how is everything I mention I was going to write a bad Yelp review and he said well thank you and walked away. This place used to have a long wait and now there's nobody ever there, now I understand why. Portions are small, service is bad and probably better off going to McDonald's.
I ordered take out from this P.F. Chang's on Tuesday night and have to say that is was terrible. Not only I was the food ready 45min later than the time frame they gave me over the phone, the food was soggy, underprepard and bland. For example, the Kung Pao Shrimp was not fried as it is supposed to be and doughy. My family always orders this dish in various locations and this was by far the worst. Delay and food preparations aside, what really sets me off is that I not only waited 45 min to receive my food (altogether the preparation time was well over 60min), I have received nothing from the management as an apology but plenty of negative attitude. Maybe I am spoiled but in every P.F. Changs I have been so far, I have received a credit on the bill or a voucher if something is off. This time I have received nothing (only a half hearted apology of the manager). in my opinion, if a customer waits 45min in the restaurant for a $110 pickup order made on the phone, prepays AND still gives $5 tip, I expect to get something off the bill. Here, however, I have received nothing.I will not visit this restaurant anymore and cannot recommend it. Sadly it has lost its game - maybe it was the Tusday manager.
Horrible, horrible service.  I went twice before writing a review.  the first time I thought maybe it was an off day.  The second time, they lost me as a customer.  The wait staff was more interested in talking about their weekend plans than serving customers.  The food was okay, nothing special.  But, for the price, I expect a little more service from a staff that realizes they're not working at Denny's.  Hell, Denny's usually has pretty solid service.  This place will have to go to an extreme to get me to return.  If I could give them zero stars, I would.
The service at this location is slow, the prices are outrageous, the food is totally sub-par, the drinks are always made super duper weak, and they close really early. I don't suggest coming here for a good time. The servers are nice, but I would suggest going to a more delicious location.
Worst experience please don't go this shitty placeLong wait for order delivery .for fucking sandwich they took 1 hour, the bartender is very careless and replied to me "i am not making it ". Damn worst service in my entire life.Manager is also worst and racial.
we visited on april 15th and And also Sunday April 22..I have twice now gone to your restaurant and twice been told that I couldnt use my BOGO coupon. The first time my mother went to pick up our order, she was told we didnt order the right food and we had to order off the main entress. The second time we ordered, I was told that we had to order off of the DINER SELECT menu. I did not have my coupon handy, and when I was able to read it, it says specifically, "Offer valid for one complimentary Diner Select with the purchase of another entree. Complimentary Diner Select must be of equal or lesser value to purchase entree. Valid entrees include SIGNATURE DISHES, BOWLS, SALADS, DINER SELECTS AND LETTUCE WRAPS." So why, on two separate occasions were we told conflicting information and not allowed to use the coupon, thus spending a small fortune on food, TWICE!! Your customer service is far from what it used to be and I doubt you will be getting more of our business any time in the near future.
Was at one of your Phoenix locations and witness the most disgusting thing!!! Food was brought for take out and fell over the counter the employee scrapped it back with the lid and put it back in the bowel and set it aside ready for the customer to pick up. Will never eat there again!!!
I don't consider myself a connoisseur of Asian cuisine, especially streamlined Asian-American cuisine that's one step above fast food, but I will say this. The caramel chicken takeout dish comes with a separate small container for the vegetable slaw that goes on top. There is absolutely no excuse for a piece of broken eggshell the size of a thumbnail finding its way into the slaw container. Not to mention there was raw egg goop still attached to it. This has been one of several issues I've recently had with this location's food and service. The previous two times, the pad thai I ordered contained NO tofu whatsoever, when I know that's part of the Pei Wei pad thai recipe, having ordered the exact same dish at other, more competent locations. As if to add insult to injury, when I called and spoke to the manager about the aforementioned eggshell incident, he claimed over the phone that he would refund what I paid for that meal and that the money would go back onto my credit card. Guess what never happened. And... Guess who's never going back to this sucktastic poophole ever again. Thanks a lot for your disgusting food preparation and deceitful management. If someone from Pei Wei company corporate is reading this, please do yourself and your customers a favor and FIRE the manager running this joint.
Compared to other Pei Wei locations across the valley, this location is by far the worst. I've gotten takeout for lunch about five times, and each time has been worse than the last. Even after two of my coworkers ended up with violent food poisoning after eating the food here, it took finding an EGGSHELL with bits of raw egg in my Caramel Chicken to realize that something was seriously wrong with this joint. Not only was the food extraordinarily disgusting, as an added bonus, it contains pieces of kitchen garbage. When I called the manager to complain, he offered me a refund to my credit card over the phone, which never actually happened. Thanks for the lies. Thanks for the disgusting food. And thanks for asking Yelp to take down my previous review.
I used to like Pei Wei but something about their meat tastes different.  It does not taste right.  I tried it a few more times but haven't been back since and will definitely steer clear.  I told a manager right away and he made a new plate, but the new meat tasted just as strange.  I told him and the sweet fellow apologized although it was out of his control.   I hope this is not another case of quality suffering because of quantity.  Is it easier to buy from sloppy, poorly regulated slaughter houses and inject meat pieces with filler - creating a mystery meat that the masses will most likely still enjoy as long as there's a distracting sauce or glaze
My 12 year old daughter and I just returned from this location and we both got very sick.  She had the orange chicken and me the Pad Thai w chicken.  Gross
Pei Wei is adding a new concept to their lineup - "Pei Wei Asian Market". The menu has removed all the soups and most of the noodle dishes. Portions have been reduced and sandwiches have been added to the menu. The good news - the decor and the layout are quite nice. The bad news - I just really don't get it. It is like Pei Wei with a few odd items and higher prices. The portions and prices have been reduced, but seems to be more expensive. Also, they have removed the kids menu.
The portions are too small, the plasticware just reminds me of Jack In The Box, the serving tray is right from a mall food court, and the menu selection is drastically reduced.  You can't really enjoy conversation or relax at lunch listening to the kitchen scream out order numbers to the customers.  The flavor mixing softdrink machine is fun, but gimmicky.  The food quality and flavor are the same for the most part, but you do leave wanting more...I won't be returning to this location.
Notice the word "market" over the door, it is NOT a good thing. My family was thoroughly disappointed in the quality of food that was served. The portions were smaller, the lettuce wraps tasted like burnt oil, the king pao chicken was mystery meat that included something pointy. This is decidedly NOT pei wei junior, it is much lower on the quality scale.
Had the Korean Lettuce Wraps and an Asian Chicken Salad on 0602. The lettuce wraps were good but the Asian Chicken Salad had a long hair in it. I sent it back and another salad was given to me without dressing. I thought I was imagining things so I had my friend taste it. He agreed there was no dressing. I got a refund and went to Paradise Bakery down the street. I really like Pei Wei but I will never go back to this location. It seems like they just don't care.
Let me first start off with the fact that I literally just left this establishment. I always love take out from pei Wei so this has nothing to do with the food. It is all service. For one the building smelled like sewage which i understand can happen due to location but it took my appetite away. Second, I walked in and two young girls were standing at the counter. One was changing a roll of receipt paper a foot away from me and completely ignored me. Then turned her back to the line. The other girl was talking to a customer for about a minute  and the customer left. She then looks up at me, doesn't say a word, and proceeds to turn her back to me and text on her cell phone in plain sight for several minutes. This whole time, neither girl acknowledges me whatsoever but I am clearly standing at the counter waiting to be helped. A young man comes and asks the girls if I have been helped and without looking up the both respond no. He helps me and is friendly and fast so I am not completely furious. I still tipped the staff because I work in the industry, but I will never return to this location if this is how they are trained and managed.
If you want to be treated rude by the staff and enjoy sub par smoothies then this is the place for you.   I love smoothies and had never been to a Smoothie King and was in the area so decided to give it a try.  Big Mistake!!  When I entered the store there was an older man towards the front and a younger girl making smoothies towards the back.   The place only had about two people in it.   No greeting given by the older man at the front.   The menu here is very, very hard to decipher.   The menu board is so discombobulated you don't know what end is up.   It lists the name of the smoothie for example, "Cranberry Cooler" or "Immune Builder" but they don't list what is in these smoothies.    You have to look at a "to-go" menu to have the smoothie ingredients explained.   I asked the older man what was in the "electrolyte mix" (as this was listed as part of the ingredients in a smoothie I was considering)  his answer to me was "ARE YOU KIDDING"   "You have electrolytes in your body.  They are minerals"    I have no idea why I even continued with my order after this rude treatment.   Anyway,  I ordered a "Light and Fluffy" smoothie.    Basic ingredients;  OJ, Banana, Strawberry.   It was average at best.     On the expensive side too.  Over $5.00 for a small.   Sorry for the long review but this place deserves only one star.
The guys working here seemed very bothered I wanted to purchase a smoothie.  Very unfriendly!!
Although the smoothies are quite delicious, it is FAR from natural. Everything is frozen and preserved, i've noticed. This pisses me off! They advertise like they are healthy and support the customer's well being when in reality they're just sticking all this sugar down our throats. I soon realized after I ordered my drink (for the first time) that it had about 800 calories for a small and 70 grams of sugar!! Not so healthy if you ask me. The management is corrupt. They always made the poor employees work alone and although it would get incredibly busy, they didn't seem to mind. This comes across as SELFISH, and I refuse to support a company that operates in such a way. In addition to this, Sean (tall black guy) would always try hitting on me, he has made uncomfortable remarks and he was VERY unproffessional. He would stand and talk to me for hours and I CANNOT deal with that when I have obligations to address on a daily basis. This made me dread coming into Smoothie king. Overall this place is trash, I definatley wouldn't recommend it.
Here is my detailed review:I went here for my birthday with my wife after reading the great reviews of this place.  It was a Friday night, so the place was packed.  Be that as it may, the wait was reasonable (20-25 minutes).  The place was buzzing and it got me really excited about the food.  I waited with bated breath to get a taste of the food that all of these people were getting so hyped up about.  The anticipation was mounting heavily, not only because of the buzz, but because I have failed to find a place in the area that makes a half-way decent pizza.  Maybe, I thought, just maybe, I've finally found the place.We get seated, waitress comes over, I order a Guinness and me and the wifey order an app which consisted of mozzarella cheese, tomatoes, basil, bread, pepperoncini peppers, and some oil to dip it all in.  It was decent.  The bread was extremely heavy on the rosemary.  It wasn't out of this world, but I couldn't complain all that much.For entrees,   me and my wife both ordered 10" thin crust pizzas.  I ended up getting a buffalo chicken pizza and she got a deluxe pizza.  The first thing that I noticed when the pizzas came was that, whomever cut it, either had a sense of humor, didn't care, or just didn't know how to cut a pizza.  Normally, when you get a pizza, the pizza is cut into 8, triangular sections.  However, Nello's fails to provide its customers with this modern convenience, instead opting to cut the thin crust pizza more like a flat bread, but in random, strange angles.  What this ends up creating is shear frustration as now, in order to not make a mess, I must dissect my pizza like some sort of stupid jigsaw puzzle.  If I wanted to solve a jigsaw puzzle, I would've bought one.  But all I wanted was a slice of pizza.And do you think that it was worth all the hassle  Of course not.  My wife's pizza was under seasoned.  Indeed, upon its creation there was n'er a salt shaker in sight.  The buffalo chicken pizza, on the other hand, was the exact opposite and I mean this to the utmost extreme as it tasted as if the "chef" dumped an entire salt shaker on the thing.  It tasted horrible.On top of this, the crust was far from crispy.  When you order a thin crust pizza, you expect the crust to be crispy.  However, in our case, it was not crispy largely because the pizza was under cooked.  Normally, you're looking for the pizza to have a golden brown bottom when cooked.  The bottom of this pizza was pure white, which says to me that either the "chef" in the back doesn't know what heshe is doing, or doesn't even care.So, I thought that, maybe, they just can't cook a thin crust pizza.  Their normal crust appeared, at first glance, to be more along the lines of a "Chicago style" crust.  So, out of curiosities sake, I ordered a large, pepperoni pizza to go.I took it home, and of course the box was chock full of packs of crushed red pepper flake, a topping that I've never heard of going on top of a pizza in my entire life until I moved to Arizona.  In fact, I've never even heard the two in the same sentence before.  Needless to say, I discarded those.Now, in case you've never had a "Chicago style" pizza before, let me inform you of how it is supposed to be.  It's a deep dish style pizza with a thick, chewy crust, and is loaded with toppings.  A good "Chicago style" pizza can even be eaten with a fork and knife because it's more like a pie then anything else.  A beautiful, tomato, cheese, and meat pie.What I got here was far from that.  Again, the pizza was underdone.  There was hardly any cheese on it, the crust was more like white bread than pizza crust (are they even using pizza dough  There is a difference between pizza dough and bread dough - pizza dough contains more gluten than normal bread dough).  It had absolutely no flavor at all as, again, it was under seasoned.  I mean, I guess that I can't blame them there - things like garlic, basil, and salt (especially salt!) are pretty dang exotic.I think that what disturbs me even more than my experience with this place is how vehemently people defend this place and how insistent they are that this place serves good pizza.  What, are you people paid to write these reviews or something  If you truly think that this place serves a good pizza, then frankly, you have no clue as to what a pizza is.  In fact, you don't have any clue as to what something even closely resembling a pizza is.  I truly pity you all.And for those of you that are insistent on the fact that the place is good because it makes good salads - come on.  How hard is it to make and dress a salad  Their salad dressing is good, you say  Yeah, it's really hard to mix up red wine vinegar with extra virgin olive oil, some salt, pepper, garlic, and oregano, isn't it  Phew, I'm breaking a sweat just thinking about it.
Normally, I'd give Nello's a better rating, but with the combination of a bad meal and even worse customer service bia phone, It's not.I ordered a small pizza with a large salad for pickup.  Ticket says time of 4:52.  I ran to safeway just next to it to grab a pie and then proceeded to pick up my meal.  Now the charge came thru on my phone at the time of 5:22 so total time from phone order to pick up was a half hour.  By the time I got home (less than 5 minutes from the location) the pizza was so cold we could not eat it nor the bread that came with it.I promptly called and asked for the Manager and was given Jason.  I explained our situation and was promptly told that it had been sitting there an hour, when by time proof it was 12 hour total time, call in to pick up.  I did not call for anything but to give a heads up about our situation.  The call ended, no thank you for calling, nothing.  He just hung up on me.Uniquely, Jason's name was on the receipt we have with the time stamp.Although we have been going to Nello's since we moved down the road  over 2yrs ago, we will be driving farther into chandler to Floridino's due to the poor customer service we received today.  If the customer service from the "manager" on duty was better I may have given Nello's another chance, but it won't get my $$$ now.Mark LinkfieldChandler AZ
I have had hit or miss experiences here.  Many good ones but the last one was so bad I will NEVER go back.  I ordered the crispy tofu with brocolli.  It had very little sauce, the tofu was so uncrispy and the brocolli was not cooked at all... not al dente but HARD.  Then within 20 minutes of leaving I was sick as could be.When I complained about my food they took it back to the kitchen and I swear brought the exact same food back to me.
What the heck happened to PF Changs  They used to be one of the best Chinese food places around!  Wife and I went there a few weeks ago and both vow to never return.  Her food had zero spice mine had double...had to send it back...after a 30+ minute wait on it the first time then another 15 the second.
Whenever I go here I feel like everyone knows a secret about this place that I don't. The food isn't Asian in any meaningful sense, and it isn't particularly good in general. So why is it packed out and the dishes so relatively expensiveI just had the new Lemongrass Prawn, which was pretty good as far as that goes, but not even remotely Chinese. The fake Asian decorations are more annoying to me than anything, and the dim ambience is destroyed by the TVs playing at the bar since they can be seen from just about every table in the restaurant. The general pretense of classiness was ruined for me when I went to the bathroom only to find spanish profanities written all over the stall.Someone in my party was served the wrong dish, and it took a while for us to get the right one. We were mistakenly given an appetizer which we had not ordered. Clearly, the serving system is incapable of handling a full restaurant. I also saw people being moved to different tables to make way for other, larger parties. I understand the business sense, but that's a completely classless move. Our server was very friendly, but rushed us out as soon as we were done eating.Bland food, poor service, long waits, and high prices I'll pass.
I don't know how anyone could remotely consider this "Chinese" food. PF Changs is a disgrace, just another hyped-up restaurant catered to ignorant Americans who don't know any better. Go to Beijing or Hong Kong and ask for a lettuce wrap, when they laugh in your face, tell them that PF Changs said it was authentic.
I generally don't write reviews about chains that I rarely visit, but sometime rely on when I in a pinch while travelling... but this was just to classic to not share for posterity... Sit down at the bar (you know travelling by myself) - looked like the right spot with appropriate elbow room for Me, Myself, and I, but lo and behold picked the spot with the dark mushroom on the counter, and the sticky hidden mess where I put my rental car keys.Nice enough waitressbartendress offers me a drink, I get a slightly chilled (54 degress perhaps) Malbec, which was good.  Ordered my peculiar dish (the only reason I ever come to this chain) - stock velvet Kung Pao with loads of veggies added to make it almost healthy (minus the heartache inducing sodium levels).  Figured it would be all normal like it usually is in a chain like this....  consistency for the sake of authenticity and the fact that Chandler is almost devoid of good cuisine.First dish out - fast.  No veggies, they send it back... back in 5 minutes, chicken is not stock velvet, I didn't notice at first... waitress did, plates sent back... 10 minutes later.... food now in front of me to consume.  No problem, I can handle two screw ups, I will be gone soon from this place.  However my journey has just begun.... Young manager comes by, says sorry I talked to the "chef" and chucks a free appetizer card at me.  Good only for Chandler...  I let the waitress know later in a nice manner that they can keep it, because I don't live here.  She says oh, let me get you something else.  Then ensues some discussion with suave young manager and older manager..  older manager comes by and tells me that being that I didn't order an appetizer I couldn't redeem the appetizer card.  He repeats this twice because I couldn't fathom that he would be saying that the card that they just gave me, which I didn't want, I was now in trouble for trying to use  He finally understands my confusion... and says, oh I will be back.He comes back with a appetizer card I could use anywhere in the world!!! Yippeeee!!  And then he gives me his card in case I have trouble getting a table when I want to use the appetizer card back home - because he opened all the restaurants up there.  Trouble getting a table at PF Changs !I left going holy mother of cows, then I saw the UFOs over Phoenix and realized I was in the Twilight zone.
Sad and disgusted I will never come here again...I went for the first time to Pf Changs last night with the suspicion that I shouldn't because I hardly ever eat at chains because they are generally overpriced, over-hyped and have poor quality of food while trying to pretend that it is so hip. Boy was I ever right and this just goes to tell you that you should always listen to that little voice in the back of your head instead of the louder one in your stomach. Instead of going to a noodle house where everything is made fresh my partner and I opted to come here because it was in the parking lot of the mall where we were and he was ravenous. Decor is nice et cetera, et cetera, and I ordered a glass of Malbec and some spring rolls. When the rolls arrived, they looked like they came out of the freezer bag and the sauce tasted like it did too. Not only that, but they did not even taste as good as the freezer rolls do lol. Completely void of taste and the only highlight was the arrival of my slightly chilled Malbec.I ordered the vegetable lo mein and my partner ordered the mongolian beef. His arrived looking fine, nothing extraordinary and mine arrived looking like someone had gone out and purchased one of those Yakisoba noodle packs and just plopped it into a white plate. It didn't come with any rice and the lame oil and pepper trio they tout wasn't very good. The broccoli was undercooked and it was completely void of flavor. I was so pissed off that for a small ass portion which sucks by the way, they charge you $9 which you could get somewhere else at a mom and pop operation for about a buck less and it tastes so much better.Good service but that's not enough to save their lackluster food, maybe just this one in Chandler sucks. Either way, I don't really want to find out.
If you have over 2 people plan on waiting over 2hrs for a table. If you happen to ask for a manager don't count on ever speaking with one. You are an inconvenient burden that pays their bills.
Very sad to see the SEVERE LACK of Customer Service. We had a server who knew NOTHING about the drinks from the bar. WE asked her three times if the had T-Ten Gin. She could not seem to find out. We requested a new server and that was not fun either. Sean the server had a BAD attitude because he took our table over. THIS IS  THE WORST CHANG's  FOR CUSTOMER SERVICE. We have gone to PF CHANGS since it began in Scottsdale. WAY TO GO  TO DESTROY BRAND LOYALTY!!!!
So for...15 years I have described PF Changs to people as: "If I had to eat at a restaurant every day for the rest of my life, I'd choose PF Changs." Well...after my last several visits, it is no longer my favorite, and frankly, I don't even care if I ever eat there again.The chicken lettuce wraps have always been a MUST for me...but the last several times I got them, they were a smaller portion and different somehow. I don't know if there is a change to the recipe or they messed them up every time....all I know is I didn't feel impressed with them like I used to. Many times in the past I would eat lettuce wraps as my meal because I liked them so much...last couple times I didn't even eat 2 wraps. :(The shrimp with lobster sauce has always been my favorite. Sure, it looks like snot with shrimp and egg in it, but the flavor was always sooooooo good. Last time I went there were TONS of peas in it (there used to be just a few...enough to give it a hint of flavor and color), huge slices of mushroom that overwhelmed the flavor of the entire dish (there used to be little cubes that just gave it a teeny perfect touch of flavor), and when I asked about the recipe change the waiter said it has always been the same. Uhhhh....NO. No it has not, sir! I don't know how long you have been working at PF Changs but I have been eating the SAME DISH probably 80% of the times I have visited since 1999 when I moved here and discovered PF Changs. I can tell you that it is very very different and has changed within the last...6 months maybe. It's most certainly a change and not a good one. I didn't like it at all. To make matters worse, I ordered it on my birthday last month and didn't even eat more than a couple bites because I was so disappointed with the flavor. No use taking leftovers home when you have no interest in eating them either. It sucked.The beautiful Asian decor has always been appealing to me...one of my favorite parts of eating there. I used to imagine how awesome it would be to have similar decoration in my own home. But...they've recently begun remodeling to some kind of snooty contemporary crap. I don't like it at all. Feels very cold and Scottsdale-ish.On top of all this, there was the credit card debacle. I had to get a new card because of it. I know it's not their fault and they did everything they had to once they found out in order to prevent it from happening again. However, it was just another negative in about a 6 month line of bad PF Changs visits that put a bad taste in my mouth; literally and figuratively.I don't know if PF Changs business was down or if customers expressed some desire for all these changes, but whatever the reason, they have lost me as a customer. I'm sad about this. It was my absolute fave for 15 years.
If there was an option for zero stars I would absolutely use it. My friend had two gift cards that she received a couple years ago and called to make sure that they were still valid. She was told that they never expire by a staff member and then was put on hold while the staff member got the manager on the phone. The manager said that the number on the gift cards would show if they were valid or not and if she brought them in the store he would look them up. She then told him that she had the gift cards and could give him the numbers over the phone. He then said that he did not have time to look the gift card numbers up. My friend, frustrated and astonished that a manager would treat her so horribly called back and asked for the corporate or district manager's phone number, which the manager Mike refused to provide. I still can't wrap my head around how the manager Mike treated a potential guest. Due to this I will never dine at any PF Changs again.
I wanted so much to like Pei Wei. I did. I went twice, getting different dishes both times. My mom raved about it, so I gave it a shot... and while I can't remember what I ate, I do recall bad stomach pains and not being able to get the taste out of my mouth for some time. And by some time, I mean I went here for dinner both times, didn't feel so hot after dinner... then felt awful the entire next day. I have to do my stomach a favor and not touch this food again.
I've been dining at Pei Wei locations all over the Valley for years and years. After moving to Ahwatukee from Central Phoenix a couple of years ago, this location became the closest to me. It used to be reliable and consistent but the last several times I've been, the quality has really suffered. A few months ago I ordered some take-out for my family.  After getting it home and going to eat my meal, I realized that my order was very wrong.  Now I'd become accustomed to this location forgetting things like sauces for the appetizers, napkins, soy sauce and fortune cookies (things that are supposed to be included with take-out), but my dish was inedible to me.  I called to complain, the manager was apologetic and offered that I come back and pick up a replacement OR he would send me a gift card to replace my meal.  Since I have an infant that I needed to get to bed, I opted for the gift card.A month or so went by and my husband suggested Pei Wei.  That's when I realized that I never received the replacement gift card!  We ordered and when my husband picked it up, he mentioned the issue we had the last time and they gave him a discount.  As usual, things were missing from the order (no appetizer sauce, napkins, fortune cookies, etc.) and the food was just okay.Tonight we ordered again, this time the food was just horrible.  Bland, no taste whatsoever for either of our dishes!  I ordered the new Korean BBQ with chicken (I had it before) and really liked it.  My husband had the same but with tofu and vegetables.  Neither of us thought the food was good at all.  The sauce which is normally very tasty was so bland and watery that it literally ran off of the chicken.  The 'salad' that comes with it was wilted and soggy, clearly not fresh.  And as expected, no sauce for the crab wontons, no napkins, no soy sauce & no fortune cookies.  I don't think we will be going back anytime soon - at least not to this location - they really need to get it together.  We're tired of the issues every time we eat in or get take-out from here.
I went around lunch time and it was pretty busy. My husband went to wait in line while I went to find a table (this is a seat yourself restaurant). I am 8 months pregnant and was holding my upset 2 year old. I waited patiently for people to leave a table and then, completely exhausted, sat down with my son. The manager told me I had to get up and wait longer because there were others waiting in front of me. I understand that there are others waiting, but sometimes common courtesy should trump order. Especially when it is seat yourself, and you're telling a super pregnant woman she has to get up with her toddler. Shame on that manager. The food wasn't worth it. I would have left but my son was starving. All the meat tastes chewy like it has a layer of fat around each bite. I'm never going back.
Terrible service waited for 20 minutes to receive my food.... getting my brother a refill and asked for a water cup the manager accused me of stealing a fountain beverage because I was refilling my brothers drink BEYOND the word of ridiculous and then he verified with multiple cashiers and told them to add the drink to my sisters bill who was order so RUDE finally to add insult to injury he came by the table to make sure I was drinking water!!!!! While all this was happening there was a guy eating a large plate of sliced oranges that are intended for the ice tea NEVER AGAIN WILL I RETURN!!!!
We got take out like we normally do and the manager rudely said everything was in the bag. Come to find out when we got home it wasn't. When we called he was even more rude and said he was still right. Well you weren't.
Terrible service.  Food unremarkable.  Waiter disappeared for 45 minutes to serve larger group due to staffing mismanagement.  Saved his tip by discounting meal after I complained.  All and all, a very crude and unpleasant dining experience for me and my guests.  Not to be repeated, never again!
Terrible service...terrible food...this place smells like rotten wet wood
Absolutely Awful Service.  Went to Papa J's awhile ago and the service was bad - the waiter was surly, rude and unhelpful..  Decided to try it again since it is close to Stage 62.  Big mistake.  Greeted by a dour manager that seemed mad that we had a reservation. 30 minutes to get a glass of wine.  At one hour and 45 minutes complained to the manager that we still had not received out entrees.  He said 'What do you want me to do about it" and said they had a busy night.  This is when tables around us sat empty. I then had to go back to the manager to give us our bill so we could get away from this ruined evening.  The bill was prepared incorrectly. If you want average food and terrible service, this is your place.  We will never go back.
I have been to this restaurant twice and was disappointed both times. I won't go back. The first time we were there almost 3 hours. It took forever to order and then forever for our food to come and the place was empty. When I complained the manager was very rude and tried to blame us for taking to long to order. It made no sense, how could we order when the waitress wasn't coming to the table After arguing with me he ended up taking $6 off of our $200+ bill. Ridiculous. If it were up to me I would have never returned. Unfortunately my family decided to go here again tonight. Again it took a long time to get our food. My food was cold and bland, my kids food was cold. My husbands salmon was burnt to a crisp and my sister in law took one bite of her trout and refused to eat any more because she claims it was so disgusting. The wedding soup and bread were good, but that's it! My drink sat empty throughout my meal and never got refilled even when I asked. Bad food, slow service and rude managers. I'll pass on this place if my family decides to go again. Not worth it at all with all the other good Italian options around.
We stopped at Papa J's last Friday night (81) for a round of drinks. There were 7 of us altogether and we had eaten at another restaurant earlier in the evening.  One member of our party walked up to the bar to let them know we were sitting on the couches along the wall, as it was fairly busy that night. In the short time that he was there, a man who was behind the bar looked at him and then turn away without saying a word or notifying anyone else. He then turned to a waitress who had approached the service area of the bar and asked her if  we could have a server take our drink order. She said "yep" and then abruptly turned and walked away. At that point, he asked to see the manager  who came a few minutes later. When my friend told him of what had occurred, the manager said "What do you want me to do"My friend said "An apology would be a good start" whereupon the manager looked back at him and said "Get out and don't come back"  Are you kiddingMy friend is well traveled and frequently stays at higher end hotels and dines at quality restaurants. He was not screaming or belligerent in any way, shape, or form; simply informing the manager of what had occurred. That being said, we left and went back to 131 East, where we had previously eaten. The service there was fabulous, as was the meal and the drinks creative and exquisite.There are new restaurants that have opened in Carnegie as of late. Papa J's is no longer the only game in town.  Obviously this is the way a simple complaint is handled by management. Appalling!!  Do yourself a favor and frequent any of the other restaurants that are within walking distance of Papa J's. They understand the concept of  customer service.
Food was NOT GOOD at all! My husband & I ate here a couple weeks ago for the first time. I ordered a salad & basil pesto cream pasta & my husband ordered the spinach & feta pasta. The salad was just a huge plate of spring mix (nothing else in it) with WAY to much vinegar dressing. My lettuce was drowning in the vinegar. My pesto pasta had no flavor (did not taste like a cream sauce to me) & the pesto was so runnywatery & way too much sauce not enough noodles. My husband's pasta had even less flavor than mine. We ate about a quarter of the food & couldn't even finish it. We took it home & it was so bad I didn't even eat my leftovers. And I hate wasting food!! Plus the prices are expensive for the amount of food you get & of course the poor quality. Don't waste your time eating here. There are much better Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh.
I've been told several times that this place had a great brunch.  Upon arrival, the menu was very limited and the service was abysmal despite a nearly empty restaurant.  We literally waited 15 mins. at our table and then left prior to ordering.
What a disappointment!! Evening started pretty badly and did not get much better.  We had reservations for 5 people at 7PM this past Saturday. Two of us were there early and rudely treated by the hostess. She was vague about seating us and we decided to wait at the bar. When the rest of our group arrived (on time!!), I informed the hostess and she looked at me blankly and then the packed restaurant.  She told me it would be awhile. Huh When asked what "awhile" was, she said 20min.  But then seated us in 5 (she had to bus a table which I take it as one of the things she dislikes about her job - that and people).Food was a let down. Potato latkes were greasy and blah.  Fish tacos were recommended and were basically fried fish sticks.  Pumpkin risotta was heavy and confusing flavor wise.  Others had the same sentiments.Service was rough.  Long waits and lack of attentiveness. Noise level (couldn't converse at all) made the night just a bit harer to tolerate.Not sure Pino's will get a repeat visit.  Disappointment:(
Bland food and poor service. Its a shame since it's a great location and could be much more, especially since there is always overflow from nearby point brugge.
BEFORE Pino's was renovated, it was a tiny, unpretentious, hole-in-the-wall restaurant with a friendly atmosphere, and amazing Italian food. It was also a BYOB, which I love. This was our "go-to" restaurant.AFTER Pino's was renovated, there was a complete transformation. While the interior is now very nice, It's no longer a BYOB, and the staff is full of attitude, which seems to stem from the total arrogance of Pino himself.On our most recent visit, we were a party of four with reservations at 7:30 PM. We arrived at 7:25, and weren't even acknowledged until 7:40 PM. Pino was playing maitre d', and when he finally acknowledged our presence he seemed totally clueless and was overtly UN-apologetic. There were no open tables, despite having reservations. When 8:00 PM rolled around, I was frantically calling other local restaurants to see if we could get in. No such luck, since it was prime dining time on Saturday night. Finally, around 8:30 PM, the waitstaff brought a two person table up from the basement, crowded four chairs around it and jammed it into the middle of the restaurant for us to sit in. Pino then literally threw our menu's at us, and walked away. Not so much as a free drink for our inconvenience.The food is still good here, but I refuse to give my money to someone who CLEARLY does not appreciate your business. There are SO many good restaurants in the area, with ownerschefs who are happy to have you. Next time you think about going here, walk an extra block to the Point Brugge Cafe.
The food here is ok but not worth the price. $15 corking fee $9 a glass of garbage wine Me thinks not.What really tops it off is the owner is beyond rude and doesn't care about the business. I heard it used to be much better but now I don't know anyone who eats there...
I went to Pino's with my three other friends for Restaurant Week and was underwhelmed and completely disappointed. We chose an option for each course of  the very limited Restaurant Week menu. I selected the baked eggplant caprese appetizer, Lazy Man lasagna Florentine and then the panna cotta for dessert. Baked eggplant caprese: the breaded eggplant was a soggy mess. Lazy Man Lasagna Florentine: it was essentially two huge lasagna noodles sandwiching huge clumps of spinach (I'm talking like a 3-inch high pile of clumped spinach) with a few mushrooms peppered in. The spinach ratio was out of control and I honestly ate a few bites and couldn't even continue. Panna cotta: this was the most decent of the items we ordered.My friend ordered off the regular menu, which she advised not to do since her food would come out at a different time Why We tried my friend's appetizer of the Italian Fries, which are described on the menu as sounding very similar to the amazing fries at Point Brugge...but it was just a bowl of regular French fries, which were lackluster and misleading. She also got the house soup with chickpeas and it looked like Spaghetti-o's and tasted even worse.I don't know where all the positive reviews are coming from. There was not one thing we ate that was impressive in any way. All of it was overpriced and below mediocre. I wasted my money, and I will never, ever go back there.
I went to Pino's recently, only to be disappointed by the owner himself. I guess I should have read the reviews on here before going, seeing as a lot of people echo the sentiments that I feel.After my mother sent back her extremely oversalted steak, the chef came out to "apologize". It was very embarrassing how he chastised her for not enjoying her meal. He then snidely commented, as walking away, that he would "never salt his steak again". I don't really take kindly to people speaking so rudely to my mother. She was very polite about sending it back and certainly didn't deserve any attitude. We had an event to attend, which we were very clear with to our waitress. So when my mother reordered another meal (a salad), which took another twenty minutes, my mom asked for it to be immediately wrapped up. The chef returned, obviously chewing to make a point, and sneered at my mother, announcing her steak that she refused to eat was actually quiet good. Well, I have never felt more embarrassed in a situation. I said he was being rude to my mother, a paying customer. He proceeded to get heated and tell me it was not his job to make people happy (!!) and that everyone else seemed to enjoy their meal and we just had to get to the inside of the steak to appreciate it. The drama continued when he did not have change for $100 for a $57 bill. Sorry, how can you not have $33 in change! He ended the night by throwing our bill in a crumbled mess on the floor and walking out. Overall, embarrassing. It was an embarrassing situation for anyone to witness. Take heed of the negative comments on this site. I certainly wish I would have.
Very disappointing meal.  After waiting for a half hour, my meal arrived and we were told that my friend's meal would be coming in a few minutes. Very awkward.t.  Salad was average at best.  The beets tasted like canned beets and the chicken was covered with blackish oil from a burnt oil pan.  Then, to make matters worse the chef came out to argue with a patron who returned her food.  The chef came out to humiliate the customer explaining that her returned steak was great and himself was enjoying it.  Eating food from a customers plate was a real turn-off....what else does he do when cooking To make matters worse, when paying the bill, the chef did not have change for a $100 bill for the customer who returned her steak..  It was very uncomfortable watching the elderly customer and her young friend deal with the situation. He kept  loudly requesting a credit card  and the women did not have one.   Another customer provided them with change as the chef crumbled the check. I think I would have just left and not paid....give the lady great for dealing with such a lunatic.Long story short....if you want to eat below average food and watch a chef loose it....this is your place!
This was the place I brought friends visiting from out of town when I wanted to show them the classy Italian  spots in Pittsburgh. After my visit last night, I have no desire to ever go again. I don't know the owner, Joe, personally but he has stopped by our table a few times and said "dish looks beautiful." He was always confident in his food which I guess is a good thing if the good is delicious,  which it usually is  The table next to ours had a two women, a mother and daughter. The mother asked the server for a new steak as hers was a bit salty (I've never had the steak as I'm vegetarian but my guests have mentioned the abundance of salt). The server apologizes and returns to the kitchen. The owner comes out and fakes an apology claiming his steaks are perfect. At this point the whole restaurant is listening it's that crazy.  The  best part He comes out again and says "I really enjoyed the steak you sent back." He was eating the steak and had some in his mouth! I can't make stuff like this up!At this point the whole place feels bad for the mother and daughter. Clearly an awkward situation. The owner got so nasty the daughter tried to reason with him and he said "it's not my job to make people happy" that's strange considering he wants our business. So the mother tries to pay the bill with a $100 and leave but he said they can't make change. Eventually another customer helps make change and they leave.I couldn't finish my dinner I was so mad.  Maybe Joe was having a bad day but there is no excuse for how he treated those customers.  Sorry, we will never step foot in here again.
If you don't like your food... do not send it back to the kitchen... The "Chef" will come out and scream at you... Stay away from this place.
The menu online gives no prices, and the entrees are ridiculously overpriced for what you get - a good meal, but far too much food, and nothing extraordinary. The entrees are $50 - $60. BE WARNED - if you want atmosphere to go with your $60 entree, you'd better REQUEST DOWNSTAIRS! Otherwise you can have your anniversary dinner in a small room in front of large televisions. Who knew And the staff will definitely not accommodate your request for a more romantic spot - even if they know it is your tenth anniversary! Wow. Should have walked out.
No better in taste than a Fazoli or even an Olive Garden.  Inflated prices, like the cheapest entree was $40, try to disguise this place as something it is not.  Went with a group of co workers, so we pretty much got everything on the menu and not one thing stuck out really good.  Service is incredibly slow.  Not worth it at all.  Even if you tell yourself that atleast the portions are large, the food is just not good enough to warrant wasting a meal eating there.
The first time I went here was with a group - we had reserved the entire restaurant for a retirement party.   I had a horrible experience.  Vowed never to go back!  At that time, I even had a terrible interaction with the owner.This time I was invited with a couple of girlfriends because they love it. Decided to try again since it was more about the "get together" than the foodlocation.This time, overpriced food and bad service.  Overall, it was not anything out of the ordinary and not worth the price.   I had the veal speciality.   Large portion, but ok.  Staff was not very attentive for the small amount of customers present.I am a Pittsburgh native.  This is a bad neighborhood. I am NOT interested in ever going back!
Maybe I just had a bad day.  This was THE WORST "pizza" I've ever had.  I have had Original DiCarlo's in Wheeling, WV in several locations.  This is not even worthy of the name.  I got 3 extra cheese.  First off, the pizza was basically glued to the wax paper.  The crust was unevenly cooked.  First bite the crust was almost raw, dense, and way too chewy.  The sauce tasted sour and the cheese (shredded, not dices provolone like the Original) was slimy.  My second bite, the crust was burned, tasted burned, but at least it was crunchy.  There was no third bite.  The remaining slices got tossed in the garbage.  This was by far the worst "pizza" I've ever had.
Estimated delivery time 45 minutes actually delivery time 120 minutes.Pizza Hut , a pizza of last resort.
If I could give this restaurant a zero, I would. We were just asked by our waitress to leave because someone with a reservation was waiting for our table. My father and father-in-law were still finishing up their coffee and we had not yet finished our dessert! I've never been so humiliated. Do NOT go to this restaurant!Their food was mediocre at best. If you want excellent Italian in a small intimate restaurant, go to Dish on the South Side. I will not be going back.
I ordered food that I believed was gluten free.  Within twenty minutes I started to have symptoms and was sick for two days.  I believe that my food may have been gluten free but that cross contamination caused my problem.  I had the same experience at another Pittsburgh Olive Garden restaurant and so am concluding that they may not be careful with cross contamination.
Avoid at all costs!  They diluted my wine with water, the food was mushy, they charged me $3.25 for marinara sauce from A CAN (without informing us beforehand this injustice would be taking place)!  Typical big corporation: cut costs down to last nickel and inflate the prices so the CEO can fly in his private jet (after landing, eat at a REAL Italian restaurant) and purchase a new Bentley each year.  Visit DeBlasio's Restaurant for twice the portions; it is MUCH CHEAPER, as well.Worst experience at a restaurant... EVER!
Ten minute wait and easily most tables are open!!! Surprise it's lunch time!!!! I just passed six tables empty and clean. Beyond me...
If you are looking for a Young Israel, keep looking. This Kiruv centric,  Aish Shul is great for a weekend or two but don't move to this side of the city if you are Modern O or more observant, you'll get frustrated fast.
Horrible preschool. Teachers are lazy and the kids do not learn much. We pulled our son out this year.  We realize now why they lost so many kids last year. School has bad leadership and fired teachers because of low enrollment.
Not a good vegan experience.  We were meeting friends at Casbah for dinner -their choice.  Since I follow a version of vegan, I called ahead and was assured that they had vegan versions of a couple of pasta dishes.  Server was very cooperative and said she would instruct the kitchen to omit the meat and  increase the veggies on their cavatelli.   Well, they omitted the meat, but I was left with one of the smallest servings of pasta that I have ever seen.  At about $20, it was close to the price of caviar!
Overpriced, salty and overrated!!! Why this place is so popular I will never understand.
Three strikes and you're out!  We had brunch there a few months back, and the meal was so salty that we could barely begin to eat it.  That meal was comped and I figured it was an off day.  We went back about a month later for dinner, and that meal was also very salty and we could not finish it.  We were willing to try again, so we went for dinner tonight.  I ordered the filet, and it was like eating a salt shaker.  I was shocked that, for a third time, I had a piss poor meal at Casbah.  I sent that back, and ordered the sea bass.  When I got to the end of the piece of fish, it was raw.  Needless to say, I will NEVER return to this restaurant.  Looking back, what should I have expected from the sister restaurant of Mad Mex
I've eaten here once after having it suggested by numerous people, I was totally disappointed with the service, food, and the place itself, I will not be headed back......everSave your money, or starve either would be a better option
This was the first time for me and my wife at the celebrated Cafe Zinho. Parking in the residential area in which the restaurant is located is next to impossible on a busy Saturday night; the diner should be prepared to walk a distance to get to the restaurant from where he or she is ultimately able to park.  The greatest drawback is that the restaurant is tiny and the seating so tight that at our table, it was necessary to sit uncomfortably in order to avoid being bumped by anyone that walked by, which happened repeatedly as we were in a busy thoroughfare of food delivery.  No other table offered a much better situation and all others were occupied at the busy time we arrived, 6:45 p. m. The online menu boasts of a daily vegetarian and vegan special entree, but there was no such entree on this night.  There was only one non-meat item on the small menu, ravioli.  Our gracious server, Ramon, said that the kitchen could prepare a couscous and vegetable dish if the vegetarian in our party wanted it, and that was what we did.  The restaurant permits customers to bring their own alcoholic beverages, a nice convenience and savings for the diner.  A small portion of bread was served with a tiny amount of rock-hard butter.  My mushroom and cheese soup was a large portion, served piping hot, which was great, but it was a puree with no distinct mushroom pieces.  I would not have been able to distinguish it as mushroom soup.  All of our entrees were attractively presented and were tasty, average size portions.  All were served with a small amount of good, fresh vegetables. It would be helpful if the menu offered some description of the following entree so that the diner with an interest in a chicken dish would not have to inquire about it of the server:  "chicken maputoRoasted w piri piri & chocolate scented sauce".  Does the average diner know what "maputo" and "piri piri" are The lemon tart dessert was a small piece not suitable for sharing, served with two minute pieces of strawberries and a small dollop of whipped cream.  It was not flavorful or moist nor worth the calories.  The gracious owner, Tony Pais, stopped at our table for a moment to greet us, a nice touch, and there were quality checks by a manager and Ramon.  I noticed a number of prominent people from the community dining here, individuals whom I was surprised were willing to spend a good deal of money to be packed into a sardine can of a restaurant.  Apparently they consider this to be the only restaurant in town.  The rest rooms are small, one-person facilities, naturally. An unfortunate surprise occurred when the individual that was picking up the check for my party presented his credit card only to be told that the restaurant accepts only cash and checks, this for a tariff of $148 plus gratuity.  It is supposed to be of some consolation that there is an Automatic Teller Machine on site.  I imagine less than 1% of expensive restaurants today are cash only.  Cafe Zinho is a highly flawed restaurant, demonstrating that there is more to a fine dining experience than simply offering fine cuisine.  If one is able to get beyond the feeling one has when visiting the rest room on a commercial airliner, the diner might enjoy it: not us.I posted comments about the restaurant at its Facebook page, in which I noted my displeasure with being cramped and uncomfortable, and about the restaurant being unique in its unwillingness to accept credit cards for a $148 check.  An individual identifying himself as the manager, who apparently had never received constructive criticism from anyone, initially demonstrated rage, posting a message that I can go to the Oiive Garden the next time I dine out.  He later added with similar condescension that I can use a coupon and a credit card at The Olive Garden.  Later, he thought better of his outburst and removed the comments...along with mine.  He ultimately offered me and my wife the opportunity to return to the restaurant at his expense.  I thanked him for the offer, but told him that one experience at Cafe Zinho was enough.  I had no intention of returning even if he had responded to my comments like a gentleman.
My partner and I were visiting my family in Pittsburgh we live in San Diego. my partner was born and raised in Portugal. My mom heard about this resaurant and was excited to take my partner and I to a Portuguese restaurant in Pittsburgh. We went, looked at the menu and did not find anything Portuguese on the menu. Why does this restaurant promote itself as Portuguese, fly the Portuguese flag and not have ANY Portuguese dishes. We left.
I have been here several times in the last year. The food is average...kind of fast-food-like. It sits in the warmer cases, and looks "crusty". The gyros are average, not as good as the ones at the South Side gyro restaurant, by any means.  The salads are from a bag of pre-chopped lettuce, and not "fresh" or interesting. But in order to enjoy the average food, you have to get past the really rude food wait staff.  The bartenders seem to be OK, the clientele in the bar seem to be regulars, and it is a "cheap drink" attraction to some downtown locals. The staff that serves the food, and takes the orders are out of this world rude. There is one that wins the prize for insulting the customers, and after having endured her, I will never, ever return. Owners should know how they are being represented at the front register. The man that cooks and plates the food is oblivious, or just is used to hearing her speak to people with such a lack of respect, that he is just deaf to it. Go somewhere else. It is cheap food, and you get what you pay for. I would pay twice as much, to feel like the staff gave a crap that I was there supporting their jobs.
I hated it! First, when I reach there the server showed me a table at the door. I asked for another location because it was cold... His answer.... Why followed with an arrogant face!!! OK!!!! We finally sited in another place.... The salad came... It was ok... Nothing special... The entree... Please.... I can cook better... The lamb was sooo ordinary... Since I was in Pittsburgh for a meeting, I ask to the same old "gentleman" that was serving us for a itemized ticket ( to be reimbursed by university). Whole sh....!!!! His answer: this is the receipt, I can give you nothing else! You can write by yourself what you ate and show to them.... The only restaurant that gave me so rude, unprofessional answer ever!!!! It is not everything... I just took my things and I was moving out when the same "gentleman" say loud: THE TIP WAS NOT INCLUDE!!!! Oh my god.... Should I really tell him how much he deserved But, I took a deep breath and some bucks from my pocket, and give to him... Saying sorry with my mouth, but shov.... it!!!! With my eyes!!!! Please, if you go to there... Cross the street, you find a nice Indian cuisine. Five steps ahead, Cambodian. Three steps back, a nice cafe. Better, Six Penn at the corner...
This place looked hopeful for authentic Mediterranean but the food just didn't live up to any expecation. Do yourself a favor and go next door to Cafe Milano.
Dirty, unclean, my friend and I went to lunch here.  She went to go to the bathroom. Upon returning to the table had the following story to tell.  To get to the bathroom she had to go through the kitchen and down a flight a stairs. When passing through the kitchen she saw raw chicken left out in the heat congealing in it's own blood.  Christos you get no second chances after a stunt like that.  The food was tasty, but come on now chicken chillen on the counter is a no go in anyone's kitchen.
The food was clearly microwaved (ie the ring around the soup bowl and splatters along the sides). The fish was rubbery. The wait staff, although nice, was very salesy always trying to "add on" something in a pushy way. I asked for my check and barely ate anything. I think the waiter got his ego bruised because he decided to display his "Best In City" award right behind my head as I was still sitting at the table... a shame the award was from 2005! I guess a lot changed in 7 yearsDon't bother with this place!
Christos was one of the worst experiences I've ever had while dining in Pittsburgh. They call this a Greek restaurant but they don't even have a normal gyro on the menu. My boyfriend and I decided to split the platter, which was horrible. The gyro meat wasn't off the spick, the dolmades were the worst thing ever eaten in my life and they charged us 4.00 to split it which we didn't even ask for in the first place. The only pleasant thing about this place was the cook who ended up serving us our food after our waiter went out for what seemed like a drug deal. Over all, everything was bad and I would never return and would advice everyone else to do the same.
So....I read the reviews on Yelp & Urban Spoon.Mostly negative, but hey I was hungry and gave it a shot.It's true the place is dingy & like entering a Greek grandfather's home. I was first asked  if I wanted huumus. I declined that after reading is was mediocre at best. So I tried the $5.25 saganaki. It came out in an old brown dish with what looked like rubber floating in lemon juice and oil. * The owner failed to mention the pita bread was extra.It tasted WORSE than it looked (if that was possible). Tough cheese mostly tasteless and chewy. * I have had many saganaki in various countries. This ranked as one of the VERY worst! I made the best decision to leave before food poisoning set in. Bottom line:  HORRIFIC !!!
WARNING. DO NOT GO HERE.My family was visiting my sister in Pittsburgh and we had our eyes set on a specific restaurant, not Christos. A gentleman, I presume the owner of Christos, saw my family and I as we walked down the street. He flashed us his menu, pitching to us why his restaurant was the best and why his food was the best. I could barely tell if he was selling food or used cars. I kindly told him we were not interested. My family, however, was indecisive when it came to getting a restaurant. We ending up wanting to go eat at the restaurant next door to Christos so we backtracked. Again the owner flashed us his menu, sensing our touristy indecision. I again declined and pointed to the restaurant I was heading to. He then ignored me and pan-handled to my two sisters, mother and wife. They gave in to my dismay. As they said "sure..." I looked inside the restaurant of Christos at peak dinner hours.  No one was inside.  Absolutely no one. As my family walked in and I rolled my eyes, I thought, well let's give them a chance...my whole family seemed to feel bad for the guy and I like Greek food.As we got in, it seemed nothing was going on. We had just came back from kayaking so we needed to wash our hands. They didn't seem to have a restroom but they took my sisters and mother through the kitchen and downstairs to find one. The silence was broken when they finally put music on and suddenly a couple of kitchen helpers came out and looked like they were warming some of the kitchen equipment up.  Were we their only customers tonight I bet we were. Before I could settle in, he casually asked if I liked pita and hummus. Obviously I said yes. He was asking me so casually when I didn't even have a menu, I assumed it was complimentary when he said he would get me some, but as I waited I found his restaurant on Yelp with my phone and the first review gave them one star and mentioned how the owner didn't tell him the pita was extra.  Great. The rest of my family later came back from the restroom (akin to going to a restroom at a grocery store where you're around stock items...except you need to go through their kitchen). They started with salad. The waiter asked if I wanted anchovies or something else on my salad. I was going to say "sure" but my wife stopped me and said it could be extra. The waiter, looking like he got caught, verified he was offering all extras to me even though earlier the owner said salads came with dinner. I had to say,"I just want the standard salad, nothing extra." I couldn't let my guard down.We ordered some food, priced about what you'd expect.  The pita and hummus I ordered earlier was just barely average so I don't know why they thought it was worth $4. My sister ordered "leg of lamb" so I expected to see a leg of a lamb. Instead when her plate came out, it looked like sad slices of ham. Really. We all got vegetables but they were soggy and unappetizing. I saw them earlier in the kitchen sitting in a big pot when I had used the restroom. Nothing here is fresh. My lamb was on the chewy side. My sister's "leg of lamb" was left uneaten and she asked if I wanted some. I "tried" to eat it but it was too chewy. They then asked for dessert. I wanted to say no out of my discontent but again my family members all said yes, even when they were telling me the food was not great.  I don't have their sense of pity. The desert and salad were the best things of the night, which was kind of sad. When we got the receipt and my wife insisted we check it.  Surprise. They overcharged us $7 from two mysterious items. Their receipt doesn't even list what you ordered. I went up the the cashier to ask them what the two items were. He tried to explain one but he really couldn't. He scratched out the $3 item. I then questioned the $4 charge. Again he tried to explain it but he really couldn't. Again he agreed with me and scratched out the $4.  On top of all this we still gave them a normal tip out of pity. I could tell the waiters were just following orders. I could tell the owner had trained them what to say and how to make extra money.You've been warned. There's a reason why this place is doing so poorly.  There's a reason why the whole hour between 7:30pm and 8:30pm we were the only ones in the restaurant. There's a reason why the owner is begging customer to come in. They're cutting corners on customer service and food quality in exchange for salesman tactics, overcharging and tricking you to buy things you don't even know is extra. DO NOT GO HERE.Owners like this will say,"But I have to or else I won't make it." You know what Restaurants like yours shouldn't make it. Not to be harsh but it was a poor experience. Change your food, your sales tactics and your fake receipt items strategy. Maybe a long time ago when they started they were real but now they are doing every dirty trick in the book to nickel and dime you.  WARNING. DO NOT GO HERE.
This place is something STRAIGHT out of a David Lynch film. It felt like I was transported to some sort of alternate reality with the help of a smiling, and overbearing greek man outside a restaurant door preying on the weak and indecisive. Something in the air of this place comes off as so fundamentally strange, and almost, discomforting and nightmare-like. You are going to feel uneasy, is what I'm trying to say. - They overcharged us, probably intentionally. They don't have itemized receipts. - The waiter kept giving us options as if they were... free options that you're supposed to choose. We caught on when we specifically asked if they cost extra.- The elusive bathroom felt like we were descending down the staircase to hell. Better than nothing, I suppose.- The food.... oh my god. None of our food was good. In fact most of it was outright grossuneatable. The hummus was decent, but... I can also get decent hummus at Trader Joe's. We initially felt bad for these guys. A struggling business is always sad to see. But with all of the strange behavior, attempts to scam us, etc. that sympathy turned into a sense of understanding as to why this place isn't doing so well. If the owners are reading this-- I'm sorry if my review came off harsh.. but really, please, rethink the way you are going about your business. I don't want you to fail, I want you to overcome this. Do it the right way, not the scummy way. I know you're trying, but try differently.
Worst service ever!!! We were a party of 10 had a reservation and you think they care about your reservation Heck no!!! Waited for our table for an hour!!!! No body came check on us, we have been waiting by an empty table, no apologies, and when we ask about the table, they were really mean and rude, the hostess was not doing her job and they ended up kicking us out because they were upset how impatient we were, no.... I think anyone would be upset waiting for reservation for that long. Worst experience ever!!! Will defiantly not go there again!!
Very curteous service but could not make up for a compltely lackluster dinner. Ordered the rib eye special with herbed gnocci and broccoli rabe. Steak was bland, gnocci was dry and lacked any flavor while broccoli rabe was over salted. Sticky toffee pudding for dessert was too sweet. This was my third and last meal there - three strikes and you are OUT! This CA girl knows better.
This Mickey Mouse operation has been relentlessly spamming me for months.  I AM IN BOSTON, not Charlotte.  I would never patronize a place like this.  If you do, be cautious -- DO NOT GIVE THEM YOUR EMAIL.
It pains me to say after Blue was my favorite restaurant for yeeeeears but spending 12 hours sick as a dog without  them doing a thing about it has forced me too.On Dec 18 2010 we sprang for an overnight sitter, got a room at the Omni, and a reservation at Blue (our favorite restaurant)  By the time dinner was over I needed to use the restroom and after that barely made it back to the Omni where I spent the rest of the night on the toilet.  I have eaten food from street vendors in Asia, Africa, and Mexico and have NEVER had a problem; yes I have intestines of steel.I called Blue the next day to warn them if nothing else and was told "the chef is off but I will let him know"  I never heard another thing.  I wasn't looking for a million dollars, but I spent $400 for a romantic evening on the john.  Mistakes happen, I am just disappointed in Blues lack of response or concern for a loyal customer.
So I just rushed home from Blue because I couldn't wait to get on here and give them this review.  Ok, I'm lying.  I made one stop on the way home - Barnes and Noble -  to buy a dictionary so I could find the words to explain just how bad this place was for me.  If not for it being restaurant week, thus having reduced pricing, I might have 'made a scene.'So I'll start with a service review since I can sum it up with one simple fact: 2 hours and 15 minutes into dinner (restaurant week I remind you - simplified menu, 3 courses) we were still waiting on stuff to be brought to the table.  The service was atrocious and incredibly slow.  At the 2 hour and 15 minute mark, we finally just flagged down the waitress, told her to box up the food, box up the desserts that hadn't arrived yet, just so we could finally get the heck out of there.  Initially I thought this was part of the "Blue experience," but its not.  The waitress came by every 30 minutes, took the order for the next course, and it took an hour for each course to come out.  So the food is boxed and i come home, nightmare over, right  Wrong! they boxed up my friends food and gave it to me, boxed his up an gave it to the 3rd couple that was with us, etc, etc, etc.  So NOBODY went home with their own food.  I love my friends, but I'm not nibbling at their food scraps.  So, food, how was the the food  Not quite horrible, but not quite good either.  Edible is a better word for it.  I got the "Grilled Niman Ranch Pork Rack Chop - with a Tuscan white gigante bean and kale ragout finished with a sweet Italian saba."  sounds fancy, eh  Well, it was basically lukewarm vegetable soup, with a hint of chef boyardee, and a dinky pork chop dropped right in the middle.  It was so boring and bland, i question the chef's competence and would openly challenge him to a cook-off if this is as good as he could do.  I could walk into a grocery store blindfolded, randomly grab something, bring it home and microwave it for 3 minutes, and I would still like my chances.  Nobody at the table was impressed with anything they ordered.So let's circle back for a second, and return to service.  The waitress was very nice and knowledgeable I have to say.  Maybe she was just over capacity  I don't know.  But she recognized our frustration and had the manager bring our to-go boxes to us and apologize for the delays and long waits between courses (I think).  This is how that conversation went:Manager: "hey guys, sorry things took a little long, you know uh, restaurant week and the kitchen got backed up.  But how was everything"Me: "Well, it was ok.  some things were pretty good i suppose, some better than others."Manager: (blank stare)Me:  (awkward moment)Manager; "well sorry again, and uh i mean, you know ehhhh...." (blank stare).Me: (still awkward so I'm just going to stand up now and leave).Manager: (blank stare and walks away).needless to say, I will never come back here again.  If it were free, I would probably still pass.  If asked what could they do to make it right, i would respond with a full refund of the entire dinner, plus compensation for the 2 hours and 30 minutes of my life that I'll never get back.
The food was literally inedible. We had calimari as our app & it was very yummy. We were excited about our entrees based on this course. My husband ordered the shrimp gnocchi dish. It tasted like orange peels-even the shrimp. There was a pesto sauce & orange rinds in the dish, which we thought was an interesting combo. I never tasted such an overwhelming orange dish in my life. Nothing had any other taste except orange zest. I had the duck, which was okay. Nothing to write home about. The duck was really rough & fatty. Came with a side of asparagus & rice. The veggies & rice were okay. I preferred them over the duck. For dessert, we ordered the cheesecake to split. We didn't even finish it. Would definitely NEVER go back
I am sorry to be writing this review.  My first visit to Blue a few years ago was fabulous.  The service was very good!  But, this time not only was the food not impressive, but it was totally boring! The calamari appetizer was good, but not worth $11.00.  The hummus appetizer was 2 golf ball sized clumps with almost no flavor.  Not even arranged to be appealing to the eye.  My tenderloin was nothing to write home about and the risotto was a mushy, tasteless ,  glob with Carmelized onions on it that looked reheated...also not  flavorful.  The baked in house bread were blah, and butter was not offered.  It could have used it to help the taste.  Dessert was the same...an amaretto cheesecake that tasted like it was left in the oven way too long....dry.   I love good food.  But, this evening was an utter disappointment.  It was a birthday celebration, and I did not want to spoil it with complaints about the food.  I also think my guest did not want me to feel bad for bringing them to this place I raved about prior to going. Service was great, but the server talked me out of a couple of things I considered getting.  Made me think whomever was doing the cooking that night...A Saturday was not good at certain things.  Extremely overpriced.  Btw...coffee was $6.50.  C'mon now!  Good but not that much!  Sorry, but I will not go back.  I was sooo looking forward to this special evening,  and it was an utter disappointment.
Decent service...horrible food. I can't for the life of me understand how this company is so successful. It could only be worse if it was yet another failed Greek attempt at Italian.
BY FAR THE BEST TASTING FALAFEL IN MONTREAL!!!! -HOWEVER.....,the service experience can be a hit or miss all depending on their mood. Most of the time it's a miss. I always get nervous when I walk into this place. They never say hello when you walk in, they could be watching their Lebanese soap opera and you might be disturbing them in the process of trying to give them your order. So sometimes you wait, and wait, and wait until they actually look at you. They take your order without any acknowledgement as if they're doing you a favor. Furthermore, they talk in Arabic among others and make you feel stupid. Over the years I used to laugh and would tolerate their behavior thinking that it was just like in a scene from a Seinfeld episode except this was only darker.  After today's experience I decided to NEVER step foot into this place again. You will notice on their walls they have almost 50 pics (if not more) of the Virgin Mary. this is probably due to their guilt by treating their customers like shit. They can take their falafels and go to hell because I'm not going back. The FALAFEL NAZI's are not funny!
I confirm all previous reviews of this place to be 100% true.Walked in at 12:30 PM on a Friday with not even one actual client in the joint. How is this possible The lady who seemed to be "working" here was far more interested in chit-chatting with some 'friends' about their homeland and completely and utterly ignored me and my friend for a solid 5 minutes. The food station didn't even look prepared and I seriously contemplated how this place EVEN STAYS IN BUSINESS for being this bad service wise.Maybe it's good, maybe it's not but I won't be back to find out. I have certain expectations to be actually.... you know, acknowledged when I walk in your resto.What the hell
Seems Unethical that they copied another Gyros Express nearby.  I wouldn't go near people who would do that.
This school is a terrible deal for what you pay.  I got my math degree here, and I feel my educations was average at best, so why did I pay twice as much They don't have rigorous science programs here, and even their beloved pharmacy school seems to be self-serving to artificially inflate graduation rates. The money does not go to the professors -- many of them are part-time adjuncts who do not earn much, so despite small classrooms, they are burnt out and don't have time to devote to their lesson plans.  I do not support this unethical business practice.  The campus itself is garbage, there were cockroaches all through the dorms and food quarters when I was there 2006-2010, the dorms are old and falling apart, there is no campus life to speak of.  In general there is just really no reason to come here and pay twice as much money for this garbage school.  I left this school 60k in debt and could have gotten the same or better education elsewhere - I DO NOT recommend this school.
My daughter will be leaving Queens after this spring.  I feel like we were duped.  The school is a publicity machine with nothing behind it.  The students have no sense of community, and the neighbors hate them.  My daughter has had terrible things said and shouted at her by the supposedly "charming" upscale people with their "beautiful" homes.  The neighbors hate the school and take it out on students.The school does not care about students once they have enrolled.  They nickel and dime them for every little thing.  There is no social life on the campus or near the campus.  My daughter says that the morale of the teachers is awful.   Two have talked about what they make and how it is insufficient.My daughter has older friends who did well on their SATs and had good grades and cant get into graduate school.  There is no network to help with jobs, except maybe nursing.Dont send your child to Queens.
*This Review Is For The Business Office Only*5 weeks and one day after my wife dropped an online class, we are still fighting with CPCC to get our refund. My wife has made multiple phone calls only to have one returned. It seems her refund is setting in cyberspace. They want her to get her refund by activating a CPCC debit card, which they get a kickback on, and which is no good to use anywhere other than at CPCC.My wife explained that she is almost finished with her degree and will not be attending CPCC again, therefor, does need or want a CPCC debit card, but just wants her money refunded by a check or put back on our debit card. The girl in the business was not very helpful, but kind of rude and snippy, and said she would have her supervisor call my wife, which as usual, we are still wating on a return phone call.Not only did CPCC take an $85 fee out of our refund for "not dropping the class in time", but now we are having fight to get get the remaining amount of the refund.When she signed up for the class they took the money from our account that instant, but now 5 weeks and $85 in fees later, we are still fighting to get our refund.There should be some kind of law to prevent this, but since there is not that is why we are going through this to try and get OUR money that CPCC owes us.Will post an update when and if this gets resolved, but after what we have already been throught with CPCC, I'm not holding my breath for an easy or fast resolution to this problem.
8 weeks and 2 days after my wife dropped an online class the ordeal of getting the refund is finally over. After weeks of unreturned phone calls, my wife had to get into her car and drive to the Harris campus. At this point we are 7 weeks into a long fight with CPCC to get the refund for the dropped class.She finally got some information about the CPCC debit card that if the main campus had returned any of her many phone calls and explained the situation, this could have been over with weeks ago.Yes she had the get the CPCC debit card, and it took a week to have it mailed to her but it can be used like any other debit card minus a 50cent per transaction fee that I am sure CPCC gets half as a kickback. We were going to just put it into our checking account, but had to fill out a long form, print it out then mail it to somewhere in CT and wait another week for the transaction to happen, so we did'nt go that route.Bottom line is if you get any type of refund from CPCC take the debit card and dont go through the ordeal we did because you will get absolutely no help or customer service from the business office at CPCC at all.
HORRIBLE college. Good luck going there or getting help when you needi it. The only person I found to be helpful was Brad and he simply shouldnt have to do anybodies job. I will def be contacting higher management due to the lack of communication I have recieved. I do NOT reccommend this school to anyone who is looking to further their education. I have never seen such a horrible COMMUNITY COLLEGE in my life time.
My child attended this school for many years.  I have a very low opinion of this school for the following reasons:1) a male child exposed himself to my child and another child at this school.  The school did not notify me of this issue - my child had to disclose it to me.  When I told the school director about it she effectively did nothing about. Additionally, she did even notify the parents of the other effected child of the situation.2) My child was vicitimed by a bully in her class for years.  This situation resolved itself when they child left.  The school's director tried many times to get me to understand that things like this happen with children and that I was blowing it out of portion.3) My ex-spouse and I were involved in a very nasty custody battle for many years.  The school and its adminstration constantly took sides.  At one point when I lost custody the school's director effectively told me that the contract was with the other parent and that as such I would not receive any communication about my child and that I would be removed from the email update list and that they would not provide any updates on my child's progress.4) Very high teacher turnover.  The school only has 3 full time teachers and within a couple of years the school fired 3 teachers.5) many parents fall into social tribes - the child see this behavoir and copy it.  I found that child tended to function in groups that excluded other children.  Even a teacher at the school who had children at the school were victimized by this type of ingroupoutgroup abuse by other students.
This place is a huge dissapoinment. You look at the menu and you get excited thinking. Oh this is going to be good!!!  Then the food comes and is wrong. Very wrong. The rice is wet and salty. Too much cilantro all over the place. This is not Mexican is Cuban. Yes we use cilantro on our food but not to that level. Rice should not be soup.  Bad cooking period.
So this is heartbreaking.  I've been going to Havana cafe for years and over looked a lot as far as decor and service, but once the food goes... So do I.  A friend who used to live here, who was visiting, suggested Havana cafe for dinner since it was always great.  Our food was not good.  It was ok at BEST and our service was lack luster- snotty really.  Then they cleared our plates before we were done and started to vacuum while we were still eating. If we were the only people keeping them there late, which it was NOT LATE AT ALL (and we weren't the only patrons there)  I could understand, but overall the service was poor right out the gate and our food wasn't great, So we will not be going back, which breaks my heart. Since I've had many good experiences in the past. I always knew I was paying more, but I figured it was worth it, but I don't think $400 for 5 people was worth that kind of poor service.  ESPECIALLY since SO many places are closing up these days.
Yelp alerted me that I have a review to complete, from nearly 2 years ago. I remember how I felt about this place back then, and still feel strongly about this place now. Recollections of how much I would not like to return to this place again. Find a place that serves Cuban-inspired food, or if there is a frozen aisle that does, heat it up in a microwave, transfer it onto a plate, and voila! Of course you'll remember to remove that non-microwaveable plastic film that Havana overlooked.
I love cuban food!  And so I take every chance to eat it, so when I saw a cuban very close to our hotel in Scottsdale, I was there!  Unfortunately, the minute I walked in, I should have turned around and walked right back out again.  There was a distinct smell that wasn't clean and wasn't pleasant.  But my interest in  a good cuban meal got the better of me.  Big mistake.The food was definitely sub-par.  I had the sampler, which included pollo cubano, ropa vieja, and masas de puerco.  Unfortunately, none of the dishes was particularly flavorful, and none were good renditions of the dish.  The pollo was bland other than an overly acidic sauce, the ropa vieja was just lacking in flavor and the vegetables and broth hadn't been blended together, and the masas weren't crispy in the least.  The whole meal was a huge let down.
Havana Cafe refused my business today when I walked into their establishment wearing a trendy bluish, turquoise singlet. Apparently, this wannabe 4-star "cafe", that resides in a plaza for God's sakes has a clothing rule that says men have to wear sleeves, but women do not. I challenged, Keith, the waiterproprietor, that my date was also wearing a similar sleeveless top and he proceeded to tell me that men are not allowed to wear sleeveless tops, and that if I were to eat there I would have to wear one of his awful red Hawaiian print polos with bamboo images on it that was two sizes too big! WTF! So you'd rather offend me and require me to wear some crap Hawaiian shirt that I'm swimming in! Mind you, it's 113 degrees out! In what world is this more "appropriate attire" than my tank and not outright sexual discrimination For those of you who think this is a joke, it ACTUALLY HAPPENED!
"My wife and I ate there a few weeks back, I thought the atmosphere was quaint and inviting however after we were sat it took quite some time before our waiter came back to us for anything. I found him to be unwelcoming and inattentive the 2 Hispanic helpers were much more courteous and attentive. The food was Ok  it wasn't horrible but i would not write home about it. It was my fist time there and maybe it was an off night but i would be reluctant to recommend the place to a friend or return simply because the service was horrible. I do how however like ambiance.
I was raised in Miami with a Cuban mother so I think I have enough grounds to say that if you are looking for good Cuban food...this is not the place.  The food was tasteless, not authentic and way over priced. 3 croquetas (tiny ones and def not Cuabn) were $5.50  Dinner was $63 for my wife and I. we left hungry and dissapointed. :(
AWFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!food is awful, place smells.  Would not recommend this place at all.Food is made with this lime juice and all food is covered with onions, and the black beans and rice is GROSS.
Ah, the dreaded worst-experience of my life, horrible service, overcharged BIRTHDAY meal...that ended up in moderate-severe food poisoning.I'm talking the kind of food poisoning where at one point I desecrated the restrooms of a lovely restaurant in downtown Phoenix and ended up laying face down on the sidewalk...to where a homeless man asked me if I was ok.Yeah.  It was that bad.  Food poisoning aside, it was STILL the worst meal of my life, and this WAS my favorite low-key restaurant in the valley.Apparently my birthday fell on the last day of a groupon or livingsocial redemption.  Unlucky us, we paid full price (more than actually...since we were charged for the wrong items they brought out and subsequently took back), and were treated worse somehow than the coupon folks -- because it was a set menu and so the kitchen didn't want to make things not on THAT menu -- despite our paying full freaking price.FACT: When one is celebrating their birthday, they want a cocktail.  I wanted a cocktail.  Actually, I wanted three.  I got my first cocktail after I'd been there nearly an hour (oh yeah, the "10 minute" wait I was told about was actually 40).  I didn't get a refill.  Or asked if I wanted a refill. Of that drink, or my water.  But I asked!  Oh, did I ask!   I drank my water and my dining companions.  And then eventually drank the melted ice from my un-refilled mojito. The 2 employees (great staffing job on a day you know will be busy with coupon redeemers!) were basically losing their minds, running around, and super stressed.  They had basically given up by the time we were eating. That is why I feel like the food poisoning occurred from something truly awful. Like employees deliberately fucking with my food horrible.I'm not sure what they normally do when people have their birthday at a restaurant, but we weren't offered dessert menus, let alone a comped dessert.  They knew it was my birthday.  They knew at the beginning we were paying the full price.  And still...worst.service.ever.***I actually filled out a comment card back in November listing my email address and phone number, where I specifically requested to be contacted (again, this was before the food poisoning).  This review was written right after the visit, and I sort of "sat" on it for literally over 6 months, in hopes someone would actually contact me.  I gave them the chance, I guess they really just don't give a shit.
I have eaten here many times, the menu has changed, food is OK.  $1.95 for sour cream, REALLY  Enough said!  I will not be back.
My overall experience with Jolly Bob's was pleasant and I'm disappointed giving them one star, but the service was so appalling that this review is necessary. The majority of the evening was fine. I was in a large group for my friends birthday. For some reason it was a big problem for them to squish 2 tables together so our two tables sat kiddy corner from each other. Our table had fairly decent service and they were even kind enough to honor our request from bread 2 times! The other table had slower service and kind of a snotty waitress. However, the birthday girl was at the other table and was presented with a birthday shot which made up for the aloof attitude. The food was decent. The bread was divine, our main courses were ok and the drinks were pretty good. We all ordered a variety of blended cocktails and fruity beverages. So, we were all ready to leave and on our way out the door when the waitresses stopped two in our party and questioned whether their service was adequate because they felt their tip was lower than the service they provided. They felt that they went above and beyond by "trying" to seat us together and going out of their way to give the birthday girl a shot (even though they made it seem as though it was a typical Jolly Bob's birthday custom. "It's your birthday: you get a free shot or a free slice of pie.") My friends were truly appalled by this confrontation and replied the tip reflected the service.After the service so rudely approached our group, the 3. 5 star rating I previously considered was shot. 1 star for horrendous waitstaff. Also, if you're a cash only establishment, you should consider more cash-friendly prices.
You do not want to waste your time at Jolly Bob's. Yes it has fun drinks if you can actually get one. The bartender there is plain rude and it takes forever to get a drink. Food if average. Trust me a lot better places in town.
Had bad service and bad shrimp.  Can't comeback from serving bad shrimp or should I say prawns. If it was good,3 stars at the most.
I'm a Madison native and have been to Jolly Bob's a few times. It's not a terrible place, but tonight as I was walking in I saw a long dress code. I thought it was a joke at first, because in addition to "no doo-rag", they said that no white shirts were allowed. I thought they couldn't be serious.That is, until I got turned away at the door. I'm a white guy, but I can recognize that policies like this are clearly racist. They're trying to keep out 'ghetto' guys and have ended up with a laughable dress code. I honestly felt like I was in the '50s and segregation was in full force - it was just a bizarre, sad experience, especially after living in Brazil for 3 years.Add to this the fact that as I stood there at the door trying to get my sister's attention, I saw a woman in a white shirt and pointed her out to the bouncer. "The code is only for men" he said. O.....K..... that makes a lot of sense.This is a racist policy that people shouldn't support. I'm definitely not going in there again - no matter what I'm wearing.
They don't take credit cards.  That's a non-starter for me.  This is 2012, suck it up, I never have cash, it's the cost of doing business.  The food is too mediocre to pull the "no credit cards" thing, David's Jamaican in Monona is WAY BETTER.
I've never been in love with Jolly Bob's .  I get their niche, but have always thought Jamerica had better food.  They do have good cocktails and I do like their coconut shrimp.  I recently went there on a Thursday night with a group of 7.  It took over 5 minutes to even get an acknowledgment from the bartender.  Then about 20-25 minutes to get our drinks.  We were told it would be 45-60 minutes for a table, ok we were fine drinking at the bar....if we actually had service.  Bar service was dreadfully slow...after 90 minutes, still no table.....we inquired and were told that large table was just finishing up.  Well, we decided that due to the poor service we received, we wanted to take our large party elsewhere and went do a restaurant down the street!
Worst service I have ever recived in my life. Ordered food for my toddler to come out first and it came out last. Waitress was awefull and tried making excuses why a table that was seated and ordered after us had there food before us.
Worst experience ever! Rude staff, marginal food, and filthy. Definitely will not patronize this place again. Let me start by saying that Jolly Bob's used to be a decent place with a nice atmosphere, but it has taken a definite down turn within the past year. I had not been to Jolly Bob's for awhile, so I recommended to a couple of friends that we stop there on a Friday night to grab something to eat. These are the highlights of our visit:1. Paid a cover charge to enter the restaurant to eat (what restaurant charges a fee to get in the door to order food Jolly Bob's does!)2. Placed an order for food and was asked to pay (CASH ONLY) before the order was even sent to the kitchen. (Rude guy literally slammed my change on the bar and never asked if I would like anything to drink (water)). Friends looked at me shocked and asked if I knew that guy. (No, no I did not).3. Friend "A" asks for a menu and the rude guy replies "Your friend has a menu", and walks away.4. Friend "B" orders a margarita and is told they are out of the particular liquor required to make it. (Huh A Caribbean restaurant that can't make a margarita on a Friday night Ummm, okay.) 5. I ask for a drink menu to suggest drinks to friend "B". Extremely rude lady pushes a drink menu towards us and says, "but it's in Spanish" and walks away. (First of all, who is she to assume that I am not literate in Spanish Second, the menu was in English.)6. I attempt to help friend "B" order her drink  and the rude lady asks if we are ordering two drinks and we clarify that we are ONLY ordering ONE drink (for friend B). We are then served TWO drinks and given a really big attitude when I refused the drink (I was the DD). Rude lady promptly snatches my friend'a drink away (without asking) and pushes the second drink in front of her. (Friends look at me confused and ask if we can move to a booth because they were feeling so uncomfortable around the rude lady.)7. We move to a booth where we promptly stick to the seats (gross).8. Go to the bathroom to find water and whatever else all over the floors, an odor of urine, and used toilet paper on the floor. (Nasty. And it wasn't even late and they weren't even busy).9. Food comes. Conch Fritters were way over fried (almost burnt) and extremely salty. Steak skewer was "okay". Chips and guacamole were good. 10. Finally, a redeeming effort! An extremely personable, professional, and friendly African American gentleman (I don't know his name) came over as we were leaving and apologized to us and offered a refund for the Conch Fritters. His actions were the ONLY positive thing about Jolly Bob's. 11. We went somewhere else and all decided that we would never patronize Jolly Bob's ever again. I profusely apologized to my friends for having recommended Jolly Bob's. Friends were so shocked by the incidents at Jolly Bob's that they kept mentioning how horrible the experience was to other peoplefriends throughout the night. I will never be back to Jolly Bob's and I will never recommend Jolly Bob's to anyone. Such a shame, Jolly Bob's used to be a really neat place with good food and a welcoming atmosphere.
Ok I don't very often post reviews, but its two weeks after eating there and its still on my mind so I figure I should say something. If I could give a negative star I would... raw food when its supposed to be cooked should be an auto negative!I should have known after reading rave reviews about the drinks, but very little about the food that I should have stayed away.  All I can say is this was the worst meal I have ever had in Madison, and I have had some bad ones. A party of 3, my husband, his mother and myself.  We were seated near the fish tank, in the fairly dark back 12 of the room.  As soon as we sat down my husband looked up because something was dripping from the ceiling on his head.  He endured a few more drips before moving to the other side of the table. Our server was a peach, very sweet and good at her job.  That was the only good part I can really say.  They ordered the bisque and it came out lukewarm, but my husband said it wasn't bad.   Then came the salads: Iceburg chunks, with some jicima, crutons, mandarine oranges and some wilted greens.  I orderd the strawberry vinagrette, it was chunky pink glops on the salad and tasted off.  I figured it may just be me not likeing their "jerk" seasoning mixed with the strawberries, but my husband who had a different dressing also thought his was odd. It got worse for the entrees, I had the pecan crusted grouper; DH ordered a bone in seasoned pork ; MIL Jerk Pork.  MIL complained that it was too peppery, but I can't completly fault the restruant for that since she did order Jerk.  But.. hubbys pork was a tough as shoe leather, and had no bone.  He couldn't even cut it with a knife, he ate 2 bites and left it.   Now my grouper was the straw that broke the camels back... the pecans were burnt, yet the fish was still RAW in the middle.  The only way I can figure this is that it was cooked frozen, how else do you burn the outside and keep the inside raw.    At least the server took my fish off the bill, but we were charged for everything else!!  The only thing I had for dinner was a few pieces of bread and a few chunks of jicima that didn't have the pink glop dressing on them, hubby had a bowl of soup and about 12 his salad.  MiL had half her jerk and most of her salad and soup... and the bill still came to over $70... for inedible food.  I cannot recommend this place to anyone, and will NEVER go back.  I thought I should write this review so you can create your own opinion based on my experience there.  I hope the waiterss we had can find a better place to work, since she was the only good part of the place.
I am sorry to give this review, but over a year later this experience still sticks out in my head. My boyfriend and I went in to Jamerica and the owner was right at the front chatting up some people. We stood for a minute before deciding to seat ourselves. We sat for a few more minutes before getting our own menus. We then helped ourselves to our own drinks from the cooler. After about 10 minutes of not being acknowledged by the owner (or anyone for that matter) who was maybe 5 feet away, we walked out and went a block down to Jolly Bob's. The owner and his friends stared at us as we walked out, but what did they expect I think it was the first time they even looked at us. I have heard the food is great, I don't know. I wouldn't go back because I felt really disrespected and Jolly Bob's is also amazing Caribbean food and so nearby.
I seldom write review and so whoever is reading this must understand how bad the food was. I'm a regular customer here and the food is generally good and so I order delivery from S2YD a lot. However, the last time I made an order(Goat Curry) the food was close to untouchable. The Styrofoam box in which the food came was dripping with oil. I ignored this, and on eating the rice I realized it was either not well cooked or that they had reheated what they kept in the fridge. Needless to say, I didn't touch the meat fearing for my life.That was the last time I ever ordered from Jamerica - and its been almost 2 months now.
The rice I had tasted off. It tasted smoky and I don't know how else to describe it, almost as though somebody had smoked a pack right into it or as though it was in an oven with a dish that spilled over and infused it with some odd burnt flavor. I spent the whole time trying to figure out what that weird flavor was and if there was any chance it was supposed to taste like that. Ultimately I guess it doesn't matter because I really didn't like any of my food at all. I don't plan on ever giving it another try.
The worst Jamaican food ever, pricey and run down. The staff does not care one bit. The interior is like kindergarten, plastic everywhere... Oh and not to mention after buying a soda it is a dollar for a refill... Stay away....
Please please go out of business asap. and stop employing your relatives. they have real issues and no customer serivce skills whatsoever
This place looked so fun from the outside!  Too bad the food is disgusting and the place is filthy.  Just for the record, I am not a Jamaican food expert by any standard but I know when something is disgusting.  Will not be back.
The coupon nor the restaurant advised that this was take out only.  I gave her the certificate and immediately felt as if she treated me like I did something wrong.  After her agreeing to honor the coupon, She began to limit me on the things I could buy.  Beef Patties were off limits because she flys them in from NY.  Being from NY I asked which brand it was and she advised me Golden Krust.  Not even the good ones.. (Word to the wise Tower Isle makes the best Beef Patties, trust me)  Hmmm.. does she know the Dollar Tree on Rainbow and Spring Mountain sells that very same brand of beef patty.. For $1.00.  Anyway, the food was put into the container very sloppy and she gave me half of what the normal serving should have been.  I am a very great cook and can just make my own Jamaican food if needed. They are way too expensive and I will not be returning.
1. Apparently there are 2 names in play here. They call themselves 'Tasty Island Caribbean Food & Deli' here but 'Tasty Island Jamaican Food Menu' inside.2. I walked in, it's a cluttered place, divey is the word, located on the corner of a strip mall. What normally would be a deli case is filled with boxes as you enter. There was no greeting from the 3 people behind the counter and towards the back.3. I go to the table - 2 placed together - to meet my fellow 3 diners. No menu provided, no service to the table.4. Only 5 feet from the counter, I asked the person behind the counter for help. At several points, nobody was present for service of any sort.5. The cashierorder taker When asked what was their best dish and what would he recommend, he basically said he didn't know. At another point, our table mates asked about the size of the dish and he strongly suggested they order the large size. They wanted the 'SM' size - they were right, he was wrong.6. We had a lot of questions of what was what, e.g. Calaloo, Ackee, Escoveitched Fish, Roti. The responding answers were only somewhat helpful at best. Frankly, I want the person working there to have a good idea of what items are and be able to suggest items.7. When asked about the Coco bread, he stated, "It's just bread" and he pointed at the loaf. 8. We had a side order of a 'Beef Patty' which I thought resembled Cherry pie from 7-Eleven. I do not seetaste the allure of it.9. Three of us had the Jerk chicken. The menu states all meals are served with peas - not true. None was provided.9. On the good side, the dead Jerk Chicken was normal and the rice was good. The Red Stripe beer was good as well.10. When the food came out, it was all in styrofoam with plasticware. Even at divey, hole-in-the-wall places, one normally gets plates and silverware but not here.11. In the end, it took about 10 minutes to obtain the bill, apply the discount, double-check on the split of who pays what part of the bill, and then finally receiving the credit slip to sign.  12. I've read some other reviews and I suppose, if there is a good dish that you like, e.g. Tripe soup, Oxtails, Ackee, Cowfoot Stew, Curry Goat, Salt Fish, go there and try it. Don't count on any service or explanations, or even suggestions. Or silverware. Or actual food in the deli cases. 13. To be fair, my friends thought slightly higher of the place ... slightly.
So went to Jammin jerk hut and wasn't impressed so decided to try Tasty Island on visit to Vegas. Family is Jamaican so I know what the food is suppose to taste like, also lived in Jamaica for 16 years so I should know what I am talking about. So walked in and the lady at the counter looks like she is in another zone. My mom tried to be talkative to her but she could hardly stand to respond. Now on to the food. We had some soup red peas and chicken soup. The chicken soup had everything but chicken in it and no taste and the peas soup had everything except meat as well. Ordered patty and coco bread HORRIBLE is all I can say. Then my daughter had calaloo and salt fish and it had no taste. There was also rum cake, it was just okay. The only thing that was good at this place was the tamarind balls that come already packaged that were like $1.50 each. It was a waste of time and money going to this place. They need a real Jamaican restaurant in Vegas. I read reviews on Yelp before I even went to this place and decided to come up with my own opinion. Not sure how others rated this place 4 stars but to each there own. My taste buds was not wow'd.
Waiting 50 minutes extra for quoted delivery time and the driver shows up with ice cold food and a girl in his car.  $9.50 "refund" is pathetic.   Too bad, flavors weren't bad once "reheated."  Horrible experience overall.
You know you're in for a bad meal when you hear" DING" come from the kitchen. This is the most flavorless Jamaican food I have ever eaten. I will NOT return. Booooo!
I just don't get what people see in this place. I guess the food is just bland enough to appeal to the masses, and it's just cheesy enough to be "fun" (read Tchotchke's in Office Space). From the music, to the decor, to the food, this place is just packed with epic fail. I wanted to shoe the bargain basement Jimmy Buffet square in the nuts, not that I enjoy the real one by any stretch of the imagination.We had the calamari appetizer, thinking it was a safe bet, and it was astonishingly rubbery. I mean, there's rubbery calamari, then there's this; it's like the difference between vulcanized rubber and the stuff they use in rubber bands. I ordered the seafood paella, and the waiter remarked that it was his favorite dish and it was just fantastic. The guy's nuts. There couldn't have been more wrong with it, save for the fish showing up raw (it was overcooked instead). Absolutely no flavor. They must not put any salt in the pot when they cook the rice, because I don't think there's any other way to make rice this unexciting. I suspect the origin of its yellow-orange hue didn't come from saffron, either. Don't remember what my fiance ordered, and neither does she, but we both remember it sucked. Bland, unexciting, chain-wide recipes aside, this kitchen had some serious issues seasoning their food properly.All that, a beer, and a margarita for $53. What a gyp.
I wanted to like this place.  It had a great atmosphere and a good vibe.  We went here because it had a claim that it was "Gluten Free." Something I have to look for because of my wheat allergy so I was excited.They didn't have a special GF menu which is not a big deal to me because typically the waiter will just fill me in or make his recommendations.  This waiter didn't know much about what foods or sauces had flour.  He didn't really have any enthusiasm to find out and come back and make some recommendations. So I had to McGyver my own meal which typically means I have to eliminate the sauces. I tip very well when waiters really know the foods and can make recommendations or atleast have the eagerness to find out for me. I don't typically eat out and this was going to be a real treat for me.I ordered scallops in butter sauce and the scallops were burnt and then raw in the middle. When I sent them back, they replaced only the one I ate half of.  I asked for a dinner salad instead and they gave it to me with croutons.  He took it back and picked off the croutons as crumbles were still there. What part of "I can't eat flour don't you understand"  I sent back the salad and refused to eat as I swore someone would have spit in my food by now.  And let me tell you, I'm a very passive person when it comes to any problems with my food.  So I wasn't mad or anything and I didn't give the waiter any attitude. By the way, the waiter never apologized for any inconvenience or was concerned.There was a huge two parties going on and every staff member kept coming in and out the patio doors fussying over the parties and most people seated were ignored and were very openly upset about the service by stopping random staff members for drink refills and to check on their food.  I was with two other people who swore it tasted nice but I don't know if they were just being polite as literally "utter chaos" was going on around us and we waited 45 minutes for our table when we called in advance for a reservation.I was treating my friends so I was shocked that I was given a "$10.00 charge" for food that was returned!  I hadn't eaten anything sat and drank myself silly over the ice tea and left more hungry than I came in.  There was absolutely no apology anywhere or from anyone and I couldn't believe the waiter was serious about this charge. So I didn't tip him.  Probably the first time in a really really long time that I haven't tipped a waiter.  Still feeling a bit guilty over it but it was a very bad experience and it wasn't me that night it was everyone else around us too.
Food is ok and boring. It is a part of the Darden chain of restaurants so if you are familiar with Red Lobster, think of a Caribbean inspired version and you have Bahama Breeze. The drinks are delicious and really bad for you, and the food always tastes exactly the same; consistency is good. I have actually eaten here a couple times, but my last experience will have me never come back.If you are looking for mediocre food in the array of mediocre food options near corporate Hughes center you could wind up here. Maybe you have coupons and you purposefully drove here Understood.My final visit to Bahama Breeze began with 2 coworkers and I walking in and standing in front of a host podium without being acknowledged. Three professional ladies, standing in an empty entrance waiting to be seated, until a couple minutes later a host (who never lifted her head from staring at the floor, I must have missed the carpet design) finally sat us. We were helped by a strangely hostile server who at one point through the meal had his manager come up to us and apologize for the wait for our food. This came as a surprise to us because he never mentioned anything about late food, and we hadn't asked about it. When our lunches arrived my baja fish tacos with a side salad had turned into baja fish tacos with a side soup. I enjoyed the soup and made no complaints, it was a tasty chowder with fried shrimp. Overall the food was unmemorable but not inedible. The service was terrible. I can't believe that every person I interacted with: host, server, and manager were not polite to outright rude. We were *told*(not offered) to get free dessert (or else our server said he would eat it wtf) but never received any apologies. Not for the late food, not for our shitty greet at the front door, not for our strangely hostile server, not for our late and incorrect food. Instead we got begged to take a free dessert. Sad. WTF guys, get your shit together.
I would like to formally thank Bahama Breeze and their staff for their sincere efforts towards RUINING my family reunion dinner on Saturday, July 23, 2011.  God Bless my mother and my aunts for their hard work in putting this thing on and for keeping everyone else patient while this disaster was taking place.  This was by far the worst6 display of service I have ever seen and several formal letters are being sent to their corporate office as I write this.  My family had made arrangements with their business office to hold our reunion here for a buffet-style dinner.  We do not live in Las Vegas (none of us do) so we did everything via fax and phone.  We have been to this location on several occasions over the years, so we are familiar with the food and always had really good service here.  I also always enjoyed the food, so we thought this would be the perfect place to host our family reunion dinner.  Anyway, so the contract we made was for three main entrees (seafood paella, baby back ribs and Jamaican grilled chicken) , three side dishes (yellow rice, green beans, creamed sweet potatoes) and their signature green salad.  This was all to be served buffet-style with unlimited choice of soft drinks, teacoffee and iced tea. The price negotiated was $35 per person.  We brought in our own cakes for dessert which they kept in the back refrigerated for us.  This was a group of approximately 31 people.  Kids' menu items were to be paid for separately as well as cocktails, beer and wine. Each table would get their own bill for those things separately (and for anything else you want on the regular menu).From the beginning, service problems began.  There were two servers who primarily came in our area.  Over the course of the evening, we had to literally chase these people down for drinks and just basic service.  It was horrible.  I noticed that the buffet serving containers were quite small for the amount of people in party and they emptied very quickly.  Nobody was there to replace to food.  People sat with food while others had to wait a long time before being able to get food.  The salad bowl probably could serve about 6 to 8 people, so when that emptied (no other food was out or available at this point), people just sat their for a good 20 minutes before they brought out more.  This was the ongoing theme of the night.  Need a refill on that ice tea Be prepare to never get it unless you run around trying to find the waiter to get some.  Nobody was attending to our party.  Nobody was busing the plates so we literally had pile them in the middle table.  Kids' orders were not brought out in a timely manner so the kids were eating like an hour into dinner service.  Remember the tea and coffee None was offered to anyone and we paid for it!  And to top off , when the staff did make an appearance, they had really nasty attitudes about it.  No apologies.  So where was the manager in all this Certainly not rolling up his sleeves trying to help his clearly overwhelmed waitstaff.  He was somewhere else, making excuses that there were other big parties going on.  NOT OUR PROBLEM.  Look, this was clearly an understaffed event and the lack of attention to ANY sort of detail shows that, but come on! It was just blatantly bad.  Poor attitude and unapologetic staff is just a reflection of the management's nonchalance for literally pissing all over this party.  We had babies crying from hunger, we had piled up dirty plates, plenty of empty glasses and annoyed family members.  Thank goodness we are good spirited people, kept the party going and did our raffles and announcements and passed out cake as planned. We tried not to let our experience at Bahama Breeze ruin our getting to catch up with each other and have fun, but damn! Work with us here! We could have just gone to a buffet at one of the casinos for this and we probably should have. Oh and I haven't even gotten to how salty the food was!  The paella was nearly inedible even though they did not skimp on seafood, does it matter if they pour a whole container of salt in it  Dry chicken, hard to cut with my knife.  However, the ribs were decent as were the green beans and sweet potatoes..but wait..something was missing.  Mom did not realize this until after but they forgot our yellow rice.  We have a few people in our party who are allergic to seafood so the paella was out, hence the reason for the yellow rice side.  I guess everything else was so bad we forgot about the missing side. Anyway, my mom called their business office and got it refunded.  Either way, I could think of sooo many other places to host a dinner like this that would have gone so much smoother.  They really should be ashamed for doing such a sloppy-ass job.
Seriously Chicken wings came out in 3 minutes. That's amazing! How can you cook chicken in 3 minutesChorizo sliders were soggy, had to send them back. If you're looking for pre-made food this is your place. If you like good, quality food I don't recommend Bahamas Breeze.
I went to this restaurant with a large group of 60 people. We have the restaurant two weeks notices that we were coming. When we arrived tables were not set up, we had to set up ourselves. It took thirty minutes before our orders were taken, then it took another hour and a half to get out food. Keep in mind we were prepaid and had three items from the menu to choose from, burger, tacos, or pasta (not complicated dishes). The food tasted good, however some were cold by the time we got it. Also 6 people did not receive their food until 30 minutes after most of the party received their food. And in the end two people never received any food at all. Over all it was a terrible experience, if you are traveling in a large group DO NOT go to this restaurant. I don't know how it is when you are with two or three people verse 60, but clearly the restaurant can not handle large parties, and should have NEVER accepted us as such a large party.
Restaurant seemed mostly empty. Was given a pager and was told no more than 10 minutes to wait. 20 mins later i was seated. Waiter was very friendly, but a little too sparky for me. Took a half an hour to take our dinner order. Have been here over an hour and still haven't gotten my food yet. Wait. Just came. How am I supposed to eat this whole burger with this little bitty cup of ketchup Smh. My daughter ordered her burger medium well. It was burnt to a crisp. Food over all was bleh.  Service was friendly, but horrible.
Not so great the only thing good i had was the drinks. Jerk chicken -dry, coconut shrimp was ok- sauce was nasty, and the dip for the chips were nasty..... Will I return hell- noEVERYTHING left on the table not really touch but empty drink glasses
This place is a total joke. Our server was an absolute jerk who refused to give us menus because we sat down in the bar table area without getting menus from the dimwitted hostess. Then he went off on a tangent about how there was a miscommunication and we should not have been seated without menus. He is the definition of a low wage uneducated worker. So then i go to the bar and tell the bartender i want two drinks for me and my date (who looked better in her photos ) and he says he will let our server know because im in his section. I go off on the dude because i just want to get two drinks and carry them the 2 feet from the bar to the table right behind me, but he refused to do this cause it wasn't fair to the server. What a bunch of degenerates at this chain hell. The manager came over and eventually offered to buy me 2 drinks, but hell no because he defended his erver. Ended up walking out on my ugly date, who was sitting at the table wondering what the hell she should do and also this Bahama Breeze forever. Letter to corporate also sent, but a canned response was received. Punks.
Management sucks! Manager placed me on hold for over 15 minutes. Never ever going here and I will never recommend it. 2 thumbs DOWN!
When visiting Pittsburgh earlier this month we were searching for a place to get a small, quick lunch on a sit-down restaurant.  Since we were "sight-seeing" Steeltown's "Strip" we decided to try Kaya.  The restaurant looked decent.  First, the service was inadequate fromt he first moment.  Our waitress was a bit rude, walked away in the middle of our order of drinks and then did not come back with even the ice water until 15 mins later.  We ordered a fried appetizer (a take on an Indian dish of which name I don't recall), and it was ok tasting....something a TGIF could pull off.  My husband ordered a seared tuna salad I believe and I got the jerk chicken salad.  His dish was on the bland side but edible.  My jerk chicken salad was a far cry from anything edible.  The chicken was so salty, had so much dry herbs and pepper that all I tasted was salted herbs and then fire from the pepper.  The dressing on the greens underneath the chicken was bitter and the mango salad that came on the side was not at all fresh.  I was starving so I managed to eat a third of it but then had to stop because it was beginning to really make me gag. I obviously refused the spacey waitress' offer to get the rest of the meal wrapped up.  If you like boring food trying to pass for something exotic then this is your place.  One other thing I can say is that the problem with service was not only a problem for us.  A couple sitting near us got up and left after not even getting menus for the first 15 or 20 mins and another family had to actually get up from the table to go get the waitress on the other side of the restaurant.  This was not a busy Sat so I doubt that lapses in service like this can be blamed on a busy hour.  In general our food experience in Pittsburgh was just bad.  I do hope that the city has more to offer than what we had the displeasure of trying.
Just, seriously -- don't come here. The food is so repulsive that I'm surprised they're still in business. I actually am having trouble revisiting the food we ordered there enough to just write this review. Also, despite what you hear, the cocktails suck. Don't waste your time.
Particularly bad food in a neighborhood that sells good food. Weird unseasoned fish tacos and bitter plaintain chips. Yuck. I would not return.
The food was not great. The wine also sucked. There are other better options available around. This is not the best food for the kind of price I paid. For the basic appetizer like chips and salsa, I found that the chips were burnt. Very average food.
Was asked to review this for fiancee.   She went there with friends for drinks on a this evening (Sunday) and waited about 20 minutes to be served at bar (bar was not busy) before finally giving up.  Was walking out of place and made a mention of this to the doorman who said thanks, have a nice day, and f*** off.  Nice manners
Confession: I have been to Indonesia and had plenty of local Indonesian food. So my standards are high and my comments might not represent the masses.First let's talk about the service. The waitresses were less than friendly professional. One of them interrupted my boyfriend when he was asking her a question. When I asked her what was in a particular dish, she said, "exactly as it says on the menu: beef, onions, peppers, etc.". I wondered if I looked blind or illiterate to her Then when I asked her to heat up a soup dish because it was cold, she said "well, it shouldn't be cold, because it just came off the stove". I guess she either likes her soup cold, or she doesn't understand the difference between "putting it on the stove" and "serving the soup after it boils". It took her forever to take the soup back out to us. Shortly after we were done, she dropped the check on our table without saying anything. When we had to wait for change, she took so long we had to go up to the counter to ask for it. Now let's talk about the food. Before I went to Bandung, I asked my Indonesian friend and my other friend who works there for suggestions. So naturally, I ordered the "authentic" and "best dishes" of the house: SATE KAMBING (marinated lamb skewers with rice cakes), RED CURRY SQUASH, and SOTO AYAM (lemon grass flavored broth with chicken breast, bean sprouts, green onion, egg and mung bean noodle). Well, the Sate Kambing and Soto Ayam came out COLD, which they were NOT supposed to be. There was way too much sauce on the lamb, and the portion is very small for it's price ($12.95 for 6 tiny skewers). Also, the rice cake was very lumpy and mushy. I could barely tell that it was rice. The Soto Ayam was way too salty. Red curry squash was ok, but I could have had this dish at any Thai- or Asian-inspired restaurants. Meh.This is one of the few situations when bad service coupled with worse-than-average food truly ruined my evening. I was very excited about going to an Indonesian restaurant and I went home completely unsatisfied and disappointed.
Food was great. Drink was questionable. Service was truly sad. I'll try it again, because I've got a $25 certificate, and the food really was that good. I'll report again after that.
It's too bad the food was decent because I will never go back go this place. The food took over an hour to come out, and while we were waiting, the waitress never even showed her face. When we got her attention, she told us that there was a big party, and that the kitchen was backed up. No apologies, no recourse. Afterwards, when someone in my party tried to complain to the manager in a very polite tone, he was thrown out! Someone, please open an Indonesian restaurant in Madison that isn't  by idiots and tools.
We showed up and it was a full house, including a party of 35.  Apparently, this party of 35 just showed up, no reservations, no warning.  Given that information, we were VERY understanding and willing to wait, because we really love the food here.  However, juggling a large party, and the bevy of usual Saturday night diners effectively was apparently beyond their capabilities.  Based on previous reviews it sounds like my experience was not an isolated incident, they just CAN'T handle it when it gets that busy in there.  Unfortunately, they only had one server working the entire dining room that wasn't part of the party of 35.  She was almost running the entire time and looked totally frazzled.  She brought us appetizers and took our order.  One hour and forty minutes later, the minor at our table was threatening to eat the napkins, and my other dining companion was ready to walk out.  Over an hour and half wait for the main course is ridiculous, but what makes it even worse was the fact that our waitress didn't stop by even once to tell us what the hell was going on.  Things became even more ludicrous when we realized that several people had come, sat down, ordered, eaten, and left in that 1 hour and 40 minutes, and we still hadn't even seen our food yet.    One hour and 45 minutes later our food arrived, and our waitress said she was sorry it took so long, that it was crazy in the kitchen because of the party of 35, and that's all we got.  We waited all that time, didn't get refills, no extra apps to hold us over, no discount on the bill, nothing.  We ate in 15 minutes and then we were done.  It was the the most outrageous, unprofessional behavior we have ever encountered in a dining establishment. They might as well have told us to "get the F out" when we walked in the door, it would have been less insulting.
We walked in at 8:50p and they said they wouldn't sear us because they stop seating at 8:45p.  Ridiculous. Won't have to worry about ever seating me again.
I really wanted to like this place, but every time I order I end up disappointed. It's always too salty and overpowering in flavor. This time I ordered Bopo chicken, which was described as, "A healthy and delicious fire grilled boneless and skinless chicken breast on a bed of steamed vegetables topped with a ginger cilantro sauce."There was max half a cup of vegetables, maybe only a fourth of a cup - definitely not a bed of them. That was extremely disappointing. I imagined a plethora of veggies but instead I got tiny pieces of cauliflower, mushrooms, broccoli, and onion. The chicken tasted really salty, as if it was made from processed chicken and not fresh chicken. I can't eat too much without feeling a sodium overload.It as not topped with this sauce, it was absolutely smothered in it.This was absolutely NOT healthy and overall was very disappointing. It's such a shame because their prices are right and they deliver.
Horrible. Experience.I seem to be the only one that had such a terrible experience. Hear me outI bought a coupon off of Groupon. Reservations were for 7. We got seated at 7:30 (I get it. They're busy). We got a menu 45 minutes later... no water, no alcohol, no nothing... The waited came back to see my table about 45-06 minutes after and took our menu and placed the order for us........ WITHOUT US PLACING THE ORDER!!. Eh excuse me. can I choose my food I had overheard someone from another table mentioning something about nuts in the sauces of this resto.. now we have a BIG problem seeing as how my boyfriend is highly allergic to nuts. We went to go see the waited and asked to ensure the food not be made with nuts however all their sauces are made from a nut base and it cannot be removed.So we waited about an hour and 45min to two hours, got NOTHING at all (NO WATER OR ANYTHING.. NOT EVEN A NAPKIN!!) and had to leave. Thank god Panos is close by..I will never step foot into this place.
That was my worst dining experience. Sitting there for over 15minutes waving my hands and had no server ever come by. We talked with a server, she was nice but keep saying our server will be with us shortly. Do after a long time of waiting, I directly went to one server myself asking her if we have at least have our water served. The water arrived shortly I started thinking the server is really nice to us. But a manager looking woman came to us and spoke very very very rude to us:"you will never talk to our server directly this is not elementary school." I was directly insulted. I have been waving my hands in the air for such a long time and I did apologize to those customers myself right after I talked to the server. I was trying to argue with this manager, but what she said really really pissed me off. She said other guests have reservation and I don't. I mean, is that how you treat your customer If I don't book a reservation, I will not be treated with manner Am I supposed to be treated without any water for such a long time, and then being yelled at after I tried to get it!!!!!!! I was just so angry about all this shit. Then this woman said, if you can't take it, leave, this is not an elementary school. Is this how a restaurant treat their guests They definitely need to learn how to do business and treat your client! I will give this restaurant zero star if I can and will strongly advice you guys not going there. The price they tag may fit their food, but the service is the worst I have ever experienced. I don't even know how she has this job thinking of the way she treated me. Do not go to this restaurant!
Tried the place for lunch. Not memorable. We are both fans of Indonesian food and this tasted nothing like what we have had before. The specialty chicken was fatty and greasy, kfc is better. Three much better options in the same strip mall.
I didnt like this place at all.  I used to live up the street from there and thought I would try it out before I left Madison.  We went there on a Saturday night, we were the only people in there.  I orderded a chicken dish...forgot the name, it was some kind of curry sauce and my firned ordered the beef version of that.  I was disappointed in the food as it was not remotely indonesian, didnt know what to call it.  We got a small salad with our meals, it had watered down peanut sauce on it. Ate most of it and was thinking the meal would be better.I did notice that after abotu 10 minutes, I didnt hear any cooking.  I didnt hear any woks or pans cooking up any sauces, chicken or beef or could smell any kind of cooking was going on.  We ordered an appe-teaser of lumpia(egg roll things) but they never brought it out and forgot to cook it.So we got our entree before our appe-teaser.  It came in a box, kind of like a bento box.  It had hambuger paper on the bottom.  The chicken was a small breast of chicken and sauce poured on top.  It came with a scoop of rice.  No wonder I didnt hear any cooking, It was basically a pre-cooked chicken breast and they warmed up the sauce and poured it on top.  My friend's beef version was probably in a cooker and they just scooped it into the box and served it.  Was pretty weak in my opinion.I questioned about the appe-teaser and the guy looked at his order sheet and said that he was sorry and will get it out right away.  He did but it was so drenched in oil that the lumpia was quite soft.  Looks like the oil wasnt up to temperature and it just soaked it all up and became soggy.  Again, he was aplogetic and very nice about it.  Unfortunately, I wouldnt recommend.  The price was about $20 or so for both of us.  We were still a bit hungry afterwards.
Never again, I ate here and got the worst food poisoning. Don't risk it,
You would think their exorbitant prices would at least buy some decent customer service. Not at this location. They are totally understaffed and have almost nobody able or willing to help you find anything. This is a problem because they carry so many completely different products that it's hard to find what you need. Expect to wait at least a half hour before getting assistance.The organization is disjointed, especially depending on your project. There's even a section called "art supplies". I thought that was kind of the point of the whole store. What did it in however was how miserably they packed my picture frames. The place next door wrapped two dollar drinking glasses in paper to protect them, but apparently Michael's thinks a grocery bag is sufficient to protect a nice picture frame in bad weather. So, the inevitable happened and I dropped the bag. Now I don't expect every place to be sympathetic, even though it could have been packed better, but when I asked for a refund they were down right RUDE. Hey I did drop the thing, but some empathy would have been nice. I wasn't completely out of line asking because a little bubble wrap and it would have been fine in the first place. I will never be back to this or any other Michael's.
When making a Customer's paymento atLowe's, we have our checklist:1. Do the phone numbers match  Nope, but that's fine since people are always changing their phone numbers anyways.2. Does the name on account match name on check  Nope, but mistakes happen at those pesky check companies.3. Does the account number on the check match the account number on the screen  Why should it, those computers are always making mistakes.Now that we have verified that all the information is correct, we can process the payment.  The customer will be so happy that we didn't have to bother them with any silly questions.******I am sad to say that this is an actual occurrence.  What was originally an average Lowe's has turned into Lowe's Hell.  If the associates do not have basic logic comprehension, how do they survive
Would like to give NO STARS.  bought all new kitchen appliances there.  Refrigerator is defective.  Theysend an outside company to repair.  Man arrives with NO TOOLS and wrong size seal for freezer.  not once, twice.  The first time, he tries to use my spoon from counter to install it!  I complain, too bad...they have to comeTHREE times before replacing it!  NEVER AGAIN.
This review is specifically for the DFS cleaners at this Giant Eagle location.  I dropped clothing off for the sake of convenience once (I really should have known better).  Never again.  My items came back completely covered in lint.  I could let this slide, however my pencil skirt was safety pinned to the hanger.  The weight of the skirt caused even larger holes than what were placed there by the pins.  Being that it's a pencil skirt designed to have a blouse tucked in, there's no way that I can wear it again.  This was an expensive skirt, completely ruined.  Very disappointed.  Again, this review is just for the dry cleaners.  The rest of the store is actually better than a lot of other GE's I've been to in Pittsburgh.  Just don't take your dry cleaning here.
Interesting the reviews here are less than stellar already. I would normally not review a chain retail store, but the service I received today just really got my blood boiling.I will state, as I always do in these types of situations, that I have worked many years in retail. I know what you're supposed to do. I know the ways I've displayed exemplary service and I know the ways I've slacked off. I get it, I really do.So I'm in the store early. Hardly any people in there. Weird for the Semi-Annual Sale time of year. Usually it doesn't matter what time you're there during the sale, it's always busy. I went through my usual bins and picked up a mess of undies and bras. Since no one was at the check out counter and I needed a spot to go through things, I set them down and started to try and chat with the sales chick. I actually always like to do this, just to shoot the breeze, but also to get their opinions on items I'm buying. The girl behind the counter was having non of this though.I asked her about a bra and she said she didn't know about that one, but said it should work. I understand, you can't try them all. But the thing that really irked me was that she was definitely not hiding her annoyance at me setting down my things on the counter. I even looked back to make sure there were no people checking out behind me. Ghost town. Tumbleweed rolled by. No one.So I'm going through my stuff and separating what I want and don't want and she's sighing and grabbing things saying "Soooo, you DON'T want these" Um, I'm not asking you to help me sort things. I'm not holding up a line. I'm just trying to not spend $$$ on an accidental XS pair of undies that got mixed in! After that, it's not exactly what she said, but how she acted. I have never felt more uncomfortable in a retail store before. I ended up grabbing my discards and putting them back myself (which I really don't mind doing, but after she huffed and puffed, I didn't even want to deal with her). The thing is, I was nice the entire time. I don't expect you to sit there and be sugary sweet either. Just do what you were hired to do. Be nice and sell some bras. If you come to work in a bad mood, the real world is not going to give you a hug. Suck it up and do your job or work where you don't have to talk to anyone else ever.
Unfortunately, I didn't get to taste the food, as the overwhelming smell of sewage forced me to leave before I could order. We instead went next door to "On the Grill"
I been to this place twice as well as once at another location.  At this particular location the food is pretty good for lunch but the staff does not seem to be in any hurry.  When I go to the trouble to dive over to this place during a 1 hour lunch break, I really don't like waiting 15 minutes for what is more or less fast food.  The last time I was there I was kept waiting so long that I finally asked for a refund and left.  You'd think that if your chicken combo (first item on the list) is going to take more than 20 minutes to prepare that they might inform me of it, but instead they just left me standing there.  That won't happen again.
Overpriced Hawaiian food
I go to this location fairly regularly and have never had a problem. Store is clean, employees are friendly, food is consistent. What more could I ask for Until tonight. I get my order to go, the crispy shrimp plate. The girl working the register was really nice, and I was in and out quickly.I finally get home and open my container. THE END of my good, reliable Ono experience. My shrimp are blackishgreenishbrownish...plainly, not something I am even going to take a bite of. (Gross!!!)The store was about to close and I wasn't going to be able to drive back in time, so I called the store feeling like I should give them a heads up. I don't know if these things could make a person sick or not. (I do know I won't be the one finding out.) The girl that answers tells me, "Yeah, that's how they've been turning out."  Well, gee, that's great. Thanks for selling me something you KNOW is sub-par and far from edible. I guess I'll be going to Pete's the next time I want some fried shrimp, and that's a shame. I really like Ono's mac salad and the katsu sauce with the shrimp.To anyone else thinking about eating here -Maybe you should check your order before you leave. I'm sure this was a fluke and hopefully will be fixed soon, but I know how much I hate wasting money. And being hungry.
I hate to do this to Moki's since they've gotten such good reviews ahead of me, but I have to. First off, let me admit; this is my first time eating Hawaiian food, so maybe it's just not my cup of tea. BUT, this food was horrid.Moki's is in the shopping center right next to where I work and I had seen it many times and it never looked busy so I thought, "meh, must not be very good.". I came to Yelp today to see what people thought and was surprised by all of the great reviews! And since I was craving a teriyaki rice bowl-type lunch, I decided to give this place a shot. I called in ahead and ordered the combo plate with teriyaki beef and the Kalua pork, both of which came recommended by previous reviewers. I ordered it with brown rice (my attempt at being health conscious) and the pasta salad. I was quoted 10 minutes and arrived right about then. The interior is just like any other strip mall restaurant. The girl working there was very nice. I got my food, paid and left... really excited for the delicious food I was about to partake in!When I got back in my car I noticed a smell. The smell was quite honestly, repulsive. It smelled like a body rotting in a a months worth of garbage. I'm not even lying. It wasn't super strong since the food was in a box and the box in a bag, but it was bad enough to make me question whether or not I would be able to eat it. I got back to work, sat down in the breakroom and opened up my meal. Meh. It didn't really look very good. I first tasted the pasta salad and it was really lackluster. It didn't have much flavor at all, it just tasted like plain pasta and potatoes with a little (very little) mayo mixed in. Next I tried the Kalua pork. It was tender, no doubt about that, but completely flavorless. I kept wondering if maybe there was supposed to be a sauce on it that was forgotten. I could see spices but couldn't taste anything. Then I moved on to the teriyaki beef. At first glance I could see that it was dry. It tasted dry and again, had very little flavor. The brown rice was sitting in a pool of water, but at least it tasted like brown rice. I think the tastiest thing on the plate was the pineapple wedge. I ate one piece of the beef and a couple of bites of the pork and salad and rice and threw the meal away. What a waste of almost $10. I was anything BUT impressed. Oh and remember the smell I mentioned A co-worker came in the breakroom shortly after I threw the food away and immediately plugged her nose in disgust and said "something smells horrible back here". I just kind of giggled and began to open my mouth when another co-worker said "oh there was rotten brocolli that got thrown away earlier". I just left it at that. I didn't want to admit that I had just eaten food that smelled like rotten brocolli mixed with death and garbage.Never again would I eat at Moki's.
The food was absolutely awful.  When I entered this restaurant I noticed the temperature on one thermostat said 85 degrees and the 2nd thermostat said 90 degrees.  I wish this was the only problem with the restaurant but I was about to be even more disgusted.  I ordered the grilled salmon while another person in my party ordered a chicken dish.  After waiting about 10 minutes, they served us our dishes.  The salmon tasted absolutely awful.  It was very bland and looked even worse.  I asked the cashier if the salmon was frozen in which she admitted it was frozen and they thaw it before cooking it.  It tasted absolutely awful.  The cashier later refunded my order.  It went from bad to worse.  The chicken was hard as a rock.  It was absolutely disgusting.  It was very difficult dry and almost impossible to cut with a fork. I can tell the chef was very unhappy with my comments because I overheard him refer to me as "piece of shit."   The chef actually followed me out to my car and was disgusted with my comments.  I told him the chicken was dry and awful.  He responded by saying "I wish you ate somewhere else" followed by "please do not come back." I later contacted the store in Utah to discuss my complaints with the restaurant.  I told the owner this store has some great potential but if you are going to serve that "garbage" then save yourself some time and put a "out of business" sign on the door.  He greatly appreciated my feedback and offered a gift card to me and my family.  I responded, I do not want to eat that shit again which he said he will be looking into the problem first thing the next morning.  Overall, I would not feed the food here to my dog.  It was just disgusting. The only thing that is good about this restaurant is that there is a Jack in the Box in the same parking lot so you can grab something to eat after this restaurant lets you down.
The food was absolutely awful.  When I entered this restaurant I noticed the temperature on one thermostat said 85 degrees and the 2nd thermostat said 90 degrees.  I wish this was the only problem with the restaurant but I was about to be even more disgusted.  I ordered the grilled salmon while another person in my party ordered a chicken dish.  After waiting about 10 minutes, they served us our dishes.  The salmon tasted absolutely awful.  It was very bland and looked even worse.  I asked the cashier if the salmon was frozen in which she admitted it was frozen and they thaw it before cooking it.  It tasted absolutely awful.  The cashier later refunded my order.  It went from bad to worse.  The chicken was hard as a rock.  It was absolutely disgusting.  It was very difficult dry and almost impossible to cut with a fork. I can tell the chef was very unhappy with my comments because I overheard him refer to me as "piece of shit."   The chef actually followed me out to my car and was disgusted with my comments.  I told him the chicken was dry and awful.  He responded by saying "I wish you ate somewhere else" followed by "please do not come back." I later contacted the store in Utah to discuss my complaints with the restaurant.  I told the owner this store has some great potential but if you are going to serve that "garbage" then save yourself some time and put a "out of business" sign on the door.  He greatly appreciated my feedback and offered a gift card to me and my family.  I responded, I do not want to eat that shit again which he said he will be looking into the problem first thing the next morning.  Overall, I would not feed the food here to my dog.  It was just disgusting. The only thing that is good about this restaurant is that there is a Jack in the Box in the same parking lot so you can grab something to eat after this restaurant lets you down.
Horrible.  I ordered the Teriyaki Chicken with macaroni salad.Rice - overcookedTeriyaki Chicken - coldMacaroni Salad - dry and flavorlessI can forgive cold chicken and overcooked rice, but messing up macaroni salad is a big no-no for a Hawaiian BBQ place.
bland flavorless boiled meat.... i got teriyaki pork, yes the meat was tender and perfectly cook alas it was totally tasteless i got up to ask for more sauce and she handed me what i thought was vinaigrette but it was just the most watered down teriyaki sauce ever... it was almost clear... so then i asked for the sweet and sour sauce also almost flavorless. my friend asked for the brown rice they wer e out of it but didnt tell her until they brought her food to the table. she also got the vgitarian bowl and it was frozen mixed veggies, carrots broccoli and cauliflower with rice that was it for $7.00 and she said her veggies were still cold.. the pinapple on the plate was still green and totally unripe. the coconut icecream was good the grandmoms chocolate cake was still raw inside and seemed like very under cooked brownies.. i wouldnt waste your money here.. go somewhere else...
Wow! This is a prime example of why you can't always trust 4 stars on Yelp. (Sad face) I have seen a Groupon for this place multiple times and have been curious about the quality since their reviews on here seem to be great. We went during early lunch hour time, was helped promptly at the order counter, was excited to see the full menu & our mouths started watering thinking about this special caloric treat we were about to indulge in. And..... then the let downs started. No soy sauce, just some kind of mix that seemed teriyaki-ish, but whatever, who needs that sodium bottle anyway. Food came out relatively quickly EXCEPT the side order of lau lau which is what we were most excited about, it was delivered to us after we were done with our other plates. We gave the benefit of the doubt because this is a slow cooked item & we thought they were putting love into it... NOT! It was sooooo disgusting, if you've ever had real lau lau, you would understand how horribly prepared this was. After we worked our way through the dried banana leaf portion, we made it to the treasure... NOPE! The leaf was extremely bitter, filled (using the term loosely) with 2 large pieces of fat globules, a few (meaning 3) strips of what seemed to be dried jerky like pork substance. Enough on that, I'm getting upset again just typing it. The Mac salad with no potato, huh tasted like orange zest & was low on flavor. The Kalbi ribs were so chewy I had to spit some bites into my napkin because I was going to get lock jaw trying to process it. My better half got the chicken katsu & it was just alright. Now I have eaten at Ono & thought that was passable but do not choose to eat there, but I would eat there any day in comparison to here.End note, if you've been to Hawaii, then you know what authentic flavors are, if you are looking for the real deal, go to Aloha Kitchen. They know what they are doing, it's delicious and less expensive and so much better quality!Was that too harsh I really dislike wasting hard earned money.
You guys. I had a catering order for my husband's 40th birthday party, and they never showed up, they never called. I'm absolutely horrified by this experience. Thank God for Costco and their rotisserie chickens. No one returned my phone calls an hour after expected delivery, and we had 30 hungry guests. Embarrassing and completely unprofessional. Do not give these jerks your business. Please. Ridiculous and not anything like the Aloha spirit you find on the real islands. Big fat BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.
Being born and raised in Hawaii this place isn't so great.   The only items that are good are the saimin, fried saimin, and the guava cake.  Everything else is pretty horrible including the spam musubi! They don't even cook the spam, it's like they sliced it out of can and placed it in the musubi mold. If you want real hawaiian food head over to Paradise Hawaiian BBQ at ASU!! They even serve meat jun there.
I've been looking for a good Hawaiian place since I'm from the islands. I looked online and it had decent reviews. We decided to go about an hour before closing for take out. I ordered the katsu and teri chx mix with mac salad and she ordered the teri beef and chx mix with mac salad. We took it home right away and ate. My plate was ok, not what I was used to. The katsu sauce was more like cocktail sauce and the mac salad had potatoes in it. Her teri beef was very dry.  About 2 hours later we both started feeling queasy. I was up all night in the bathroom with FOOD POISONING. Idk if it was the mac salad or the katsu bc I was way worse than she was. Never again will I eat here and I'm going to contact the management. It shouldn't matter if its the first order of the day or last of the night. Quality should be consistent.
What the hell is wrong with Glendale For the love of God raise your standards people, this place is absolute crap Teriyaki. It's the worst buffet quality food without the inconvenience of having to get up and get more. The food is not cooked to order which is the first problem, there is no way you can serve my giant bowl or rice and dried out chicken in less than 2 minutes unless this craptastic turd of a lunch is sitting in warming trays in the back. Lazy ass piss poor food. I, like Chuck S. hail from Seattle and this place would have been closed down inside of two months if they tried serving this festering fecal poopsicle excuse for food. Okay, it isn't THAT bad, but close. DO NOT EAT HERE IF YOU KNOW WHAT GOOD FOOD TASTES LIKE. Driving back to the house I notice another Yelp 4 star crap food joint in Glendale is closed down. Pie Zano's bit the dust and deservedly so. But again.... somehow Glendale gave these people a 4 star  I am loosing trust for Yelpers in Glendale.
I'm not sure why this was rated so highly since it tasted like cat food shipped in from the Hawaiian Island by boat. Quite frankly, I've had nightmares that left me with a better feeling in my stomach that the substandard swill i at at this 'Hawaiian' restaurant.
Tried this place for the first time and got the mini Maui chicken for lunch. Teriyaki is mediocre at best, chicken is not freshly prepared as if they took it out of the fridge and stuck it in the microwave for a few seconds. Salad is just a cheap head of iceberg lettuce chopped up. I should've headed down the street to Leo's Hawaiian and stuck to my usual.
Not a fan. This was my first visit to this L&L, but my second overall in the valley. I'm just not a fan. We went on a Saturday morning for breakfast and as we were ordering, I'm not sure if the cashier was new, or just had no clue.  I asked for the sausage, eggs, and rice which is listed on the menu as a side dish, and she looked at me like I was speaking Swahili. Umm, right there, side dish, sausage. eggs. rice. pretty please  Still had no clue...put something into the register. My bf then ordered spam musabi, and the spam, egg, and rice "side dish".  Again, confused look and we had to point at what we were talking about. She put that into the register. The total was $8.95 with two drinks.  When I looked at the receipt, I noticed only his dish was on there.  HELLLOOO SUNSHINE   It's a simple task paying attention when people are ordering their food.  They fixed the issue, apologized profusely, and we had our food in about 5 minutes. The table we sat down at, I noticed was, as other posters described, grimy. Almost like the grease was never properly cleaned on the table and left a dried greasy residue. It was vile.  My forearm kept sticking...like it was rested on candle wax.  It was gross. Ok, this is kind of a quick serve outlet, and there are no white linens, I get that, but basic cleanliness is a must if I go back. I drive past this place daily, and sometimes I want something quick...i'll continue driving.
I have eaten  L&L in Irvine, CA. Irvine L&L is good. Henderson L&L is subpar.I came in Saturday night after an evening of partying. I had not eaten all day. Basically, I was starving. I ordered half Chicken Katsu and half Short Ribs.... The Chicken Katsu is alright, its not very flavorful and kind of dry. The chicken katsu sauce is is bland, no flavor at all. The short ribs were sour for some reason. Sour bbq Gross. The rice is ok. The macaroni salad was mostly mayo. I didn't like it. Final judgement Avoid this place. It's not worth the money.
Horible customer service, the portions have become way smaller while the prices have doubled. The lady at the register really hates her job. 16 dollars for two burgers and she tried giving me only one katchup container saying one per customer.
We dined in for lunch one day, the floor had been mopped with a dirtysour mophead, you can smell the funky odor on the floor. Teri beef is fattygreasy and tough. Mahi Mahi is just chunks of cooked fish. Huge slathering of stucky white rice and overly mayoed mac salad with no flavor. My chicken katsu came with what I still think is ketchup and no katsu sauce. I asked for katsu sauce and the boss lady says that is katsu. No it's Ketchup, not tonkatsu sauce like everyone knows. So I asked for a side of teri sauce instead. My chicken katsu is Deeeep fried extra hard and the chicken had tough skin underneath. Too crunchy and taste like low grade chicken, greasy. Overly mayoed mac salad and a huge wave of white rice that wasn't all that fresh. Is this good food I guess some think so and they are welcome to it. I like a certain place on 215 and Green Valley or 215 and Eastern much better.
Ordered the roast pork menehune. Looked like TV dinner.  Not coming back. The Siamin was horrible.
Well, we TRIED to eat here today.  Upon walking in, we noticed that there was only one woman working.  The food looked amazing though so we got in line.  After standing there for nearly 15 minutes while the one woman bussed tables, fixed other customer's orders and cleaned, the guy in front of us gave up and left.  Now at the front of the line, we figured it wouldn't be too much longer.  We weren't acknowledged as the one employee continued to serve every other customer that walked up. She finally glanced at us several minutes later and gave us an apathetic "sorry" before continuing on.  After having waited nearly 25 minutes, we realized that even if we placed our order now, it would take way too long to receive it.  And so we too gave up, the second customer in a row to do so.  On our way out, I wished the next customer walking in good luck.  It's truly a shame, we would have loved to try the food.  It still looks amazing.  Perhaps if they hire more staff.
The chicken was nasty and fatty and still had the skin on it and not much sauce. It was a good deal of you like plain rice. Will never go back.
Ok, time to bring these reviews down to reality.Note: I am not an Hawaiian food expert so if you are, take that into consideration.This Resturant has Kitchen nightmare written all over it.  The Resturant itself is in TOTAL disrepair.  Lights and air conditioning don't work, the carpet is filthy, the tables are scattered with outdoor lawn chairs, cables hang from the ceiling, decor is beyond decayed.FOOD: based on reviews here, I had the Hawaiian plate.  The pork had over 1 pound of pure fat in it.   Maybe that's the Hawaiian way, but for me it looked totally disgusting.   My wife had the teriyaki bowl.  Parts of it were burnt and afterwards she was complaining her stomach hurt.  Rice was ok.DETAILSResturant:  110 (this ain't homey -- it's rundown)Ambiance:  110 (scary!)Service: 510 (a little slow but friendly)Cleanliness: 110 (board of health should be concerned.)Food: 110 (we were trying to determine what was editable. Not good.)Restroom: don't know.  I was too scared to go in.Parking: 410 (small lot)Overall quality seemed to be totally lacking.
Doors locked, no furniture inside.  Apparently out of business.
If you know me, I'm a huge fan of cheap eats and local dives. I'm also all about tasting and sniffing out foods that I can't get ahold of back home. Home being here in Cali. So when my friends suggested to my girlfriend and our "Vegas Travel Crew" to stop by Aloha Kitchen and try the Adobo Omelet, we decided to come down and see what the buzz was all about. Sadly, I and my fellow associates were quite displeased with what we sank our teeth into. I don't know if it was the idea of an Adobo Omelet that excited us or the hype that our friends were making but all of us were really eager to try it but we ended up very disappointed with it. There was nothing really special about it. It was just rice inside an omelet. In fact, the rice itself was bland and dry. There was nothing about that dish that resembled Adobo other than the brown color of the rice, which I repeat, was bland and dry. To put it bluntly, that Omelet sucked balls. It was kind of hard to face our friends and give them a fake smile and say, "Oh that shit was bomb! We're definitely going back to have another one when we come back again." In all honesty, we would have been better off just ordering the Chicken Katsu or Loco Moco. But that would kind of defeat the purpose of going there in the first place because if I wanted L&L, I would have just gone there before we came to Vegas or waited until I got back. I can at least say I tried it so that has to count for something.I'll give Aloha Kitchen a little mercy and say at least the hours are great and perfect for after clubbing dining. Unlike the people who I thought were my friends, I will look out for those of you who are planning on visiting Aloha Kitchen and recommend having anything other than the Adobo Omelet... unless you're high. In that case, please share and then order the Adobo Omelet because that's the only way you would get me to ever eat that thing again.
Ordered the oxtail soup.  Took a long time to get our order.  Oxtail was mostly fat.  Maybe I need to order something else next time.
This is not a place you'd want to go to for lunch if you need to be back at work on time.  Took me 25 minutes to get my order because the cook and the cashier forgot my order.  A gal working there actually offered me free lumpia but I was too pissed off to want to eat anything from them.  This isn't the first time they took too long to get my order but it was definitely the last straw.  If it wasn't for the reasonable price, I wouldn't have came back.  But I'm done with this place.  On another note, the food here is very salty.
Oh boy oh boy.... Where do I begin..  I saw their advertisement for about 2 weeks for their xmas day buffet for $15.  The list of food sounded great and included many typical hawaiian items.  I arrived there around 7.  It was fairly quietempty and figured most people came there earlier. There were probably only 20 people in there when I arrived.  1st off the service was great. The employees were very nice and I definitely expected that being in a hawiian restaurant.  The place was also very clean and that too was not an issue.  The food is the main issue here.  When I walked upto the buffet, the sushi table had 3 basic rolls on there and was ok at best.  The lumpia was probably the most decent thing I ate.  I was in total shock when I saw the spam musubi.  They had it all nice looking, all cut in half in nice big pieces (this would've been perfect but NOOOO they screwed it up.) They had some sort of sauce on ALL of it. The problem is you CAN'T put sauce on a rice item like this that is sitting there.  I had one bite and it completely fell apart in my hand because the sauce had made the whole thing mushy.  The katsu was overcooked and dried out.  The halfway decent stir fry veggies were sorta ok but they were sitting under a heat lamp and getting mushy and all in all lacked flavor.  The curry was very bland. I tried a little of a few other dishes and again everything was bland and blah.  I was completely disappointed in the macaroni salad. WOW it had nooooo flavor to it. It was just simply mayonaisse.  The desserts were store bought donuts, some chocolate chip cookies, and some funky brownies.  and btw I saw other people sitting around me making faces too about the food. There's a few problems here. 1 let's compare apples to apples... Aloha kitchen vs L&L Hawaiian. This buffet gave me a really good idea of what their food is like if I ordered it off their regular menu (vs buffet style) I have been to L&L many many times and wow they are definitely a LOT better then Aloha.  I have tried several things on their menu and everything has been flavorful, yummy, not over cooked and their macaroni salad is great too.   1 out of 10.. Aloha you're a 1.  L&L a 10.There was nothing good about the food at Aloha and I was VERY disappointed.  Now comparison 2.  Although now I'm comparing apples to oranges but still.  Aloha vs buffet  asia which is just minutes up the street.  Aloha, you can not charge $15 for what you put on that buffet with that kind of quality.  Buffet  Asia is WAY better then you in quality and selection for the same price.  Just sushi alone puts you to shame (and they don't have any fantastic sushi either but it's way better then yours)  and with Sushi Mon being 10 min up the street as well, they blow both places out of the water.  It's very tough to run a good restaurant, but if L&L can have almost all the same menu items and they do it right with quality, and taste and the same price, then so can you. Aloha kitchen.... You're a discrace to good hawaiian food.  I will continue my business at L&L
We went here for lunch since it was recommended by a friend who frequents Las Vegas. The place is small and not a good place for a large party. Service was HORRIBLE! The waitress didnt greet us when we walked it then after waiting 10 minutes after we sat down, she came up to us and asked us if we were ready to order.... SERIOUSLY! We didnt even have a menu yet. GEEZ. The food was okay. my husband and I had the Kalua pig and Katsu combo and we regret it. The Kalua pig was way to salty and dry. My stepmom had the adobo and the pork was really dry too. I will not return here again, I'd rather got to L&L.
This place disgraces Hawaiian local food. The sauces are wrong, the musubis are soggy, and just blah. As soon as you walk in it looks like the tacky waikiki "grass shacks" that we dont even have here( i live right near waikiki). Huge disappointment when i heard there was "hawaiian" food i was expecting better. I dont know why its so popular with the people living in vegas. the food just sucks. There are local hawaiian food places scattered around vegas MUCH MUCH MUCH better than this place, because you can tell that the owners and workers are actually FROM Hawaii and know what the hell they're doing.
Been living in Hawaii for the past 13 years and just moved to Vegas. The "garlic chicken" was just fried chicken breast with garlic powder poured on it. Went to use the bathroom and so far was the dirtiest bathroom I've been in since I moved here. Guess I'm gonna try and find a real Hawaiian place out here. I do no recommend.
This place was yuck. I saw that they deliver and since I cant leave work I thought I would give them a try. It was totally disgusting and they took forever. They said between 15 and 30 minutes and that there would be a 3 dollar delivery charge. Not many places have delivery charges but when they do I expect the food to come within the time frame given. Not 20 minutes after the 45 minutes had already passed. I hope the delivery guy considers the fee his tip. The local plate was disgusting, greasy and the musubi smelled rank and old. The mac salad wasnt bad and the lupia was actually great. I will not be coming here ever again. Still a bad taste in my mouth.
So unprofessional. Lady that I've never seen there before was talking about her personal business like she was at home. She was venting about something to the others. Her face was ticked off. Keep your personal issues at home and serve your customers!
ok first I'd like to start off by saying I've eaten here many of times and the food was alright, but this last visit was like I was on another planet! The girl that took our order was very unprofessional and didn't know what she was doing. We ordered simple breakfast foods such as pancakes and scrambled eggs and over easy eggs! Our food came out all wrong there was no over easy eggs and scrambled to this place means omelet style! Next there was no butter for my pancakes so I asked the girl if they had butter and she said for what I said for my pancakes and she says you eat butter with your pancakes Wait a minute! What happened to this place Who doesn't it pancakes without butter, seriously where was this girl from what kind of new owners are these Then in comes this lady who walks straight to the back talking LOUD like she was the owner or something (and I hope she wasn't cause that was just no way to enter this establishment) she comes out from behind with her food already made while customers infront of me were still waiting for there food shes already eating her food! This place is a JOKE! Never going back! Telling all my friends to stay far away from this place! Something went array with this place cause it use to be better service and friendly smiles BEFORE, now you get the sense that even the people who work there are unhappy and very unfriendly who wants that type of service! Cmon owners get your stuff together food and customer service or you will find yourself closing down without any patrons!
If I can give this place negative stars I would. Not so much for the food but the service. I used to go to this place with my Korean friends and family for naeng-myun and other Korean dishes. Today, there was this non-Korean, Hawaiian (I think) person working and was absolutely rude! I was short on time, had a 40 minutes lunch break and since Island- style was right across the stress, I was thinking 35 mins should be plenty of time to eat my food and leave. I was waiting over 20 mins for my food and I understand there were a few orders ahead of me and by looking at everyone else's food, it does take time to cook. After 15mins passed by I asked the guy if it would take long cause I only had 15 mins left to eat and go back. He did said he would check on it then left. Approx 10 more minutes passed by I gave him my credit card so it would be faster if I ate and left. He told me that it takes time to make my buckwheat noodles and that everything was made to order. Ughhh.... buddy I'm Korean and I know damn well that it only takes 30 secs once in boiling water to cook the noodles and put in the broth. Needless to say I took one bite of the cold noodle and it wasn't hand made, it was the store bought noodles you cook in boiling water. The broth was so salty, and the spicy buckwheat noodles tasted like pure hot pepper paste + vinegar and again salty. I took literally two bites and left. The guy who took my order grabbed the checkbook from me and told customers next to me 'shes telling me how to cook brah...'. I know you've been cooking for 19 years BUT if you knew anything about customer service you do not talk shit when I can clearly hear you, grab the checkbook out of my hand, and give me dirty looks. Everytime I came here its the owners that now operate the one at Greenland. They are soo nice and helpful... total opposite of this guy... oh yea btw your Nengmyun (cold buckwheat noodles in broth) and Bibim gook-so (spicy, cold buckwheat noodles) is tasteless... If this guy didn't offend me so much, I would come back for their Hawaiian plate lunch, it looked really good. Not so much for the Korean food, I wish the Korean owner or son would've been there :(
Horrible service...with no respect.  I ordered kalbi dish, the meat tasted over-date, the rice was not fresh.  There were flies flying around, nasty
The Hawaii guy , Russell that works for the owner, Gina deserves NEGATIVE stars only. He was RUDE, BAD ATTITUDE and hasNO COMMON COURTESY.  We called at 545pm to make sure he was open (since he closes early if  business is slow ; evenwhen hours are POSTED 10AM-9PM); he said they were openso told him we would be there at 7PM; he said "sure sure, howmany people "; told him 7adults on child. He said  OK. Whenwe arrived at 702P, the door was locked, CLOSED sign in thewindow. We could not believe he was closed since we hadcalled, We knocked on the door several times and even calledtwice but NO ANSWER. We peeked in the window and it wasdark ( LIGHTS OFF, NO BODY there). I thought Russell waskiddingbeing playful but after waiting ten minutes we left .It was quite embarrassing to our guests (they could not believethis was happening). Needless to say, we went to a "reliablerestaurant". A favorite that always has excellent food andprovides excellent service consistently ( they  know how to treat uscustomers and always welcome our business). The next day,  I called Russell and told him we were disappointed he was CLOSED when I had called beforegoing there. He was rude and abruptly barked at me "No can help...No Cook...I no can cook so I had to close";  "Cook had to leave because her baby sick (emergency)".old him, "We did not  know his cook had to leave; how werewe to know" Told him, "You should have waited to tell us."He said "couldn't, I had to drive her...she no drive". I said , "we don't know that...all we saw was the CLOSE sign...you couldshould have left us a note!". He did not feel bad or apologize. Instead he   RUDELY said " SISTA, YOU ONLYMAKING ME MAD".   I said "WHAT, I'm making you mad (I was angry and  insulted) ."   Said, "That is no way to runa business!!!"  He said,  what!!!. you wanted me to call Gina She no can come,  she get her own restaurant to run".  Told him,  "Fine, you' won't see us anymore" (and hung up).It's too bad he  does not think he was wrong  for hisBADPOOR  service. (He does not believe in CUSTOMERSAlways Right; and Customers can help to make a businessgrow.)  We havehad frequented  this place; brought and introducedseveral friends and relatives to Island Style; But, NO MORE!!We are telling them  we will  NO LONGER patronize this'hole in the wall' place and they will follow us.  He will loseour business and theirs. He should have been consideratehis customers (NO common sense). Definitely needs  toimprove on his ATTITUDE, BEHAVIOR and COMMONCOURTESY!  He does not know how to properly apologizeand accept constructive criticism.
Brutal!  Went here on the advice of someone working at a nearby business and was absolutely floored at how bad it was.  Ordered iced tea and it tasted like it was made from water filtered through nougat!  Yuck!  My friends meal looked very lackluster.  He said the meat was fine, but nothing special.  I had some long noodles with bulgogi.  I normally love this dish, but something was really off with this.  My friend finished, we paid the bill and left.  Ended up at Los Tacos next door and was thrilled I had discovered my new favorite taco stand.  Island Style came through with that at least.
went there because high rating, but price was not worth what we got... i wouldn't go there again! Food was ok but nothing special... place was crowded and had to wait for long time to be served.
This was mom's favorite place until today. We came as a family of 6 and since they expanded, they now add an automatic 18% gratuity. We ordered several dishes to-go and those were also included in the 18% gratuity. We asked the owner to take it out but to no avail. This is not an 18% gratuity place. Never going again.
I was craving meat jun, drove to the outdated address that was listed. The person who answered wasn't sympathetic at all. Paid $14 for 1 thin slice kalbi- almost see through, 1 piece BBQ chicken and 1 slice meat jun. I coulda got cheaper in Hawaii. I specifically asked for Koch-jun sauce which they did not give me in my to go plate, and no chopsticks- really!! If I could I would give this a negative 1 star for the entire experience. So shame an waste my time, gas, and money!
dont deliver then don't offer it ... thats all i have to say
Always have been a big fan of Inka Chicken from back when it was on Maryland Parkway & Karen until it closed. I was very excited when I was driving down Rainbow & seen the new restaurant. I was planning to surprise the Mrs. and take her to dinner there on Sunday. When we walked in there were only 2 other tables taken so we were seated right away. We were anxious to try their Peruvian food. We checked out the menu and decided to try a variety of different meals. So far so good. We placed our order & my wife was explaining to me about the new owner, & that he was from Argentina. While we were waiting for our food I guess the owner showed up as well with his lovely son, and daughter. Everything still good so far. Our order finally came & most of the dishes were pretty bland, flavor wise & we added our additional seasonings which made it ok. While we were eating we noticed the kids were running back & fourth from the kitchen to the lobby....no big deal. Until the little girl started playing with the handle of the fire extinguisher, and I also noticed the pin missing & guess which direction it was pointing. But, luckily no harm, no fowl......she left it alone when she seen her father coming back. Now heres the kicker even though the food was ok, the owner came out and spoke to a gentleman at the first table and shook his hand. Then proceeded to the second table in front of us & talked to the couple there. He then walked right pass our table & started speaking with another couple that just came in a few minutes before we got our food. I asked my wife (who is from Peru by the way) if he really just walked by us & said nothing.....WOW !!! Was it because I'm a Black American with a Peruvian wife or what I was going to ask if there was a problem, but my wife talked me out of the confrontation. All he had to do was ask how we enjoyed our meal (in spanish or english) & then went to the next table, then everything would have been fine. All I can say is WTF.......If the owner treats all his customers that way he would be out of business soon. There is not a chance in HELL we are ever going there again! New management, old style racism !!! Man.... what year is this Only gave one star because you can't give a zero! Still gave the waitress a nice tip out of sympathy if anything else.
See my review under Inka Chicken.....without the Che.
Ordered 1 cebiche de pescado $10.95 which contained :2 onces sweet potato2 full regular potato1oz chanchita( peruvian deep fried corn)4-5 onces big chunks tilapia fishAt first I though it was too much fish, but then I realized it was a big sliced red onion underneath the fish!!! Was this an onion cebiche or a fish cebiche You can see a picture of how the cebiche looked like, I just uploaded it. Its the one that says "the smallest cebiche I've ever had"
Based solely on the pollo saltado "peruvian fajitas", which was the only thing I tried, I probably would never eat peruvian food here or anywhere else again.  It was all the worst things about bad chinese fast food dark meat chicken, only with no sauce to hide that fact, served over soggy french fries and rice.  I wanted to try the ahi de gallina, but they didn't have it when I was there - I don't know if that was temporary or permanent. I'm not sure if I'll be able to stomach going back to try again to give it another chance.
No stars for this dump! My hubby is from uruguay and we were so ecstatic to find an argentinean place besides chima... So disappointing! We had the chivito for lunch which is a famous sandwich from uruguay. They used the worst piece of steak that was fatty and salty i could barely take more than two bites. We started with a provoleta which we make at home all the time... Simply take some good quality provolone and sprinkle with herbs. Then we put in a cast iron skillet and put on the grill... Delish! These people threw some cheese on a plate and stuck it in the micro! We had a glass of wine each and it was the cheapest wine ever! Prices are not cheap and the quality is not acceptable! Argentinean food is delicious and i would hate for this place to give newcomers a literal bad taste in their mouths! Until there is a decent argentinean place we continue making chimichurri at home!
My wife and I went for lunch and ordered the Parrillada for One and everything was horrible. We are from Bolivia so we have tasted what Parrillada should be... and this was not. The meat was not seasoned and it seemed to be cooked on a skillet and not on the Parrilla... as it should be. We were shocked at the price... but hoped that the taste would offset the shock but it did not. Horrible Parrilada. We will never go there again.
I live around the corner and figured I'd give the place a try.  Since it is a cafe I assumed they would have a variety of tasty sandwiches to choose from.  Boy was I wrong.  They literally have 4 sandwiches to chose from and they are nearly identical.  3 pieces of bread, mayo, and egg are on everything.   They apparently think their clientele is made up of grade school children because they cut the crust off of the bread.  The sandwiches are pre-made, they just pulled it out of the fridge and gave me half.  Good luck saying "no mayo".  Who sells a sandwich by the half  It had 3 pieces of bread, a smearing of mayo with pimiento on one side, and a razor thin piece of cheese or ham in the other.  When I saw how lame the sandwich was I asked for an Empenada too but they told me 10 minutes to heat it up.  I wasn't waiting for that, I was hungry.  The sandwich was average and even though he gave me a card to get a free sandwich, I will not be going back.They sell smoothies if you are into that.  But, they have the name "cafe" in the title so that is how they will be judged.  Poor excuse for a sandwich, plus no variety, plus no substance, plus no selection equals a disaster of a place.  Drink options are bottled soda or bottled water.  After eating the 3 bite sandwich (it literally could have been smashed into 1 bite) in the car before pulling out of the parking lot I immediately wondered where I was going to get lunch.  That is a bad sign.  There are way to many good places with variety, value, and freshness in the area to waste your time trying this place out.
The decor is amazing but it ends there......The service was brutal, our waiter was a complete moron he couldn't do anything right, he was slow and didn't know what was going on.As for the food it was inexpensive and for a reason, it was bland and not very good, I had a rib eye steak that was small and not very tasty. The dessert was not very good either, it was a lemon square with literally a teaspoon of sobert.Avoid at all cost.
Service for 3 course meal (Saturday night):The service was really slow, the quality of the food was poor for the prices listed on the menu.
Not a fan. Fries didn't taste good and didn't like the taste of the sandwiches at all. I won't be coming back.
This was the single worst Thai meal I have ever had in my life.I went here for dinner with some friends after going to the PSO, since they were open relatively late at night.  This proved to have been a massive error in judgement on all our parts.The first thing I ordered was a bowl of lemongrass soup.  The listing of ingredients made it seem like it should be tom yum soup, which is one of my favorite soups.  What I received was a bowl of dishwater-colored broth containing tomatoes, so that it tasted like watered-down minestrone, with some chicken submerged in shame at the bottom of the bowl.  A single lonely wilted leaf of cilantro wallowed on top.  No lemongrass was in evidence, but there were plenty of mushrooms.  I stopped eating this when I unearthed an unsightly artifact which turned out to be the bottom of a mushroom stem, with dirt still clinging to it.My companions both got chicken and stir-fried vegetables in what turned out to be Singapore curry sauce.  This was passable, but not exciting -- again, although it claimed to be lemongrassy, there was no lemongrass flavor to be had, and the chicken was a bit rubbery and overdone.I got one of the fish entrees.  On the menu, the description made out like it was covered in a spicy sauce.  It turned out to be more like a not-at-all-spicy soup with bits of orange roughy floating in it.  Again, the broth was lacking in overall flavor, as if they were trying to save on costs by not adding enough spices.  The fish itself was at least not overcooked or dirty, but it was a poor aesthetic decision to bread and fry the piece of fish, then put the breaded coating into soup.  Gross.To top it off, the service wasn't that great, and we were actually charged for the dirt-filled soup.  We will not be back.
terrible service is right.  the minute my coworker and i walked in, the host (i think the teenage son of the owner) was just rude.  he was going to give us the table closest to the register where people are always walking in and out.  my coworker asked to be seated at one of the other 8 tables that were open.  he mumbled something, but then let us grab another table.  and when he served the dishes he pretty much was throwing them onto the table.the wonton soup was horrible.  the wonton itself was pretty much all dough (not even cooked all the way thru) and i don't even want to speculate what the tiny meat in it was made of.  i've also tried the house soup which is just water with tomotoes in it.  for my entree i had the green curry wchicken, which actually wasn't as bad as the service but that's not saying much at all.sad that this is one of the few places for asian food in the pitts...
Waiter was awful and food (pad thai) was not much better. Apparently letting the waiter know that your soda is flat (twice) is a huge inconvenience to him.
This is by far the worst Thai restaurant I've ever been to. The servers are rude and slow, and the food is awful. Everything pretty much looks and tastes the same. The waiter seemed annoyed that my eating partner complained that his soda was flat, and brought him another flat soda. When he complained again, the waiter told him to see the host on the way out.  If you are in the area, there are many better choices for a good meal, other than this place.
Stay away!!!!!! The waiterswaitresses hate you and your hapiness.
Poor service, awful attitudes and sub-par food.  I could make the same food in my own kitchen ... Hope to see another Thai spot open downtown.
This restaurant has never been great, but if you wanted an Asian restaurant in the Cultural District it was an OK place to go. However, last night's dinner was just plain bad. I had beef salad, and it was some coolish beef on iceberg lettuce with sliced onions and a totally forgetful sauce. Nothing like the mix of sweet, sour, and spice that it should have. I also had tofu panang. It was also virtually tasteless. Some coconut milk flavoring in otherwise nondescript brown sauce with no spiciness.
A very lovely name for a very terrible resturant. The food is bland, bland bland. How this place can serve such flavorless food and stay open for years is beyond me. The inside of the resturant is cramped and poorly maintained. I decided  to play it safe and ordered the broccoli in garlic sauce. The sauce was slimy and the broccoli was water logged and over cooked.  As if it has set in a pot of luck warm water for hours before being served to me. I'm noticing a theme of horrible resturants on 6th Street and I don't like it.
I surmised two things from my visit to Thai Cuisine:a) the competition among thai restaurants must not be very stiff in this townb) yinzers wouldn't know good thai food if it flew into their open mouthsThis place was horrible. My fried trout was just a battered butterflied fish not much different from what you'd find at a church fish-fry. Insipid, over-battered and generally unpleasant. My dining partner's masaman curry was so sickly sweet it tasted like melted coconut ice cream. Surprisingly, the joint was slammed. On the bright side, service was very fast. On the downside, our waitress was definitely stressed out and cranky possibly from waiting on the 14-top of inebriated co-eds across the room from us.The takeaway: If you're from Pittsburgh, you'll probably love this place -- it was packed with your kinsmen when I was there. But if you've enjoyed quality thai food in any large coastal metropolis, steer clear.p.s. food was needlessly pricey given the poor quality.
i was very excited to try this place.  thai is one of my favorite cuisines ever!!!  but i was sorrily disappointed. we started with spring rolls, through the rice wrapper i could see that the lettuce was browning, a sure sign that the rolls were not made to order.  the pad thai was dry and tasteless.  my friends curry and potatoes tasted like water with a touch of curry powder.  i hate giving poor reviews but nothing that i ate at thai cuisine was yummy.
I agree 100% on Maggie G's review. Over priced, bad food, and Pittsburgh DOESN'T know GOOD Thai food.. Plus $40 bucks on Take out...seriously Ill pass I've had better Thai for less. Yellow Curry (Ive added a picture of exactly how watery the curry truly is ) (x2) Spring Rolls (2 per order)Dumplings (5 per order) Wontons (45 per order)_____________40 BUCKSIll stick to Bangkok Balcony. No more trying out different Thai places in the city. I rather not waste my money on watered down curries and bland dishes which seems to be the norm for the Pittsburgh Thai scene.
They only deliver through WheelDeliver.com
First and far most people , I never write a bad review.  So imagine what an average experience I had. Actually, this isn't even a bad review. OMG but the food was just so average.I've been to better Thai restaurants in the past. The pad thai was not good and that's what it should be!! The curries were very rich with vegetables but again weren't delicious. I have nothing against this place, but if you have had really good thai food in other places, then you have raised the bar and won't like this place. So if you're trying Thai food for the first time...don't hit this place. Sorry for being honest, but look, I'm really obsessed with Thai food and have tried most of the thai restaurants in Pittsburgh, and this restaurant is not going on my favorite list. I don't care how many awards they have hanging on they wall. Just not going back there. Who cares what I think though, everyone has a different taste. So you might like it, just not me:-
Not sure why the $$ this place is over priced and bad bland food. 12.95 for beef basil They don't use real Thai chili peppers, I like spicy and asked for it. They sprinkle Nasty old chill powder which ruined the dish. No flavor and not worth $12.95 Skip this place.Also called to let them know: response was " ok, is there anything else I can do for you"Wow what rude jerks!!!!!!!
I've ordered their pad thai for take out a couple of times from this place, but last night was the first night that my husband and I decided to go dine in at this place. It was a BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!! The service here is HORRIBLE!! We went there around 9pm and was the only couple there besides another group at the place. The other group left shortly after we came, but we never got service after we received our food. We never got asked if we needed anything else and received no water refill. They had 6 staff walking around working and doing their own thing and NOT ONE of them ever even stop to come check on us especially our waitress. When we finally got up to leave she was talking out loud from the far back asking us if everything was okay. I wanted to throw a fit and say.. "no, everything is not okay we got no service!" Aside from the poor customer service; we ordered my favorite dish which was the pad thai. I asked for no onions and bean sprouts, but we still got it with LOTS of big onions and bean sprouts. My husband told me to say something about it; but I figure I would deal w it because I'm always iffy about what people do with my food after they take it back and have to fix it for me. It already took about 15 minutes or so for them to bring out the dish and I didn't want to have to wait another 15 minutes. We also ordered sticky rice..and I LOVE sticky rice. It took them longer to bring us the sticky rice than the other three dishes that we ordered. The sticky rice was not moist and sticky at all. It was dried and crusty like its been sitting out for too long. I guess they were trying to microwave or steam it before they brought it out, but didn't do a very good job.We also ordered the green curry dish; that dish cost $13.95 and came in such a small size plate that should have been worth $7 at the most! Big disappointment on that dish. So base on my experience last night; I have concluded that I will NEVER go here again nor will I even bother to order take out from this place. Bangkok Ocha down the street is so much better!
It's Valentines Day. All I have to say is the service was pretty horrendous and food was subpar(Pad Thai tasted like ketchup! And my husbands roasted chicken was frozen in the inside but cooked through! I don't know how these things happen....) But the mints were good. *prepacked mints*
I am 8.5 months pregnant and ordered green curry for take out from here. When I placed the order, I emphasized I wanted MILD curry since spicy food has given me horrible heartburn during pregnancy. But, when I got the food home, the curry was so spicy I could not take more than two bites. Secondly, it was not that great. It was mediocre curry at best. So, goodbye $13 curry. Thanks for making the food too spicy for me to eat.  What the heck!
I was so excited to see a Thai House near my new job because I go to the Thai House University location all the time. While the University location is amazing, I quickly found out that this location is anything but.The first time I ordered lunch, I received a dish that was way too salty. I didn't save the leftovers. I ALWAYS keep my University Thai House leftovers for a second meal.I thought maybe it was a fluke, and decided to give them a second chance.Ordered again today- even worse than my first lunch. My chicken pad thai tasted too sweet. Another yelp'ers description of it tasting like ketchup is not far off.  The noodles were overcooked and mushy. The spring roll is slightly burnt and the chicken rubbery. To top it all off, the man who gave me my food had a bad attitude. Considering I was simply waiting for my food patiently, no grumpiness was needed.  Never going here again, though the other location I will continue to go to regularly as they have delicious food and super friendly staff.
I had one of my worst dining experiences here ever. I ordered Basil Chicken with no bell peppers.When it came, it was loaded with the slimy green peppers. I informed the waitress of the mistake and she called me a "liar". Well I was speechless. I can't believe a complete stranger is calling me a liar. I informed her that I could not eat this chicken and that I would like it as I ordered it. With even my friends backing up the fact that i ordered no green peppers, she started screaming at me and calling me a liar again. She said she would make another one, but that I will be charged for both. I refused, on principal, but also what nasty things would this irate server do to my food if a new order was remade. I refused to eat while my companion's ate. Everybody in the restaurant stared at me as tho I had just murdered somebody. It was surreal. At check out, I asked to speak to the owner to see if he would kindly remove my charge. He said he would call the police if I didn't pay for my meal. I was nice and courteous the whole time.  I submitted to his threats and paid for the meal I didn't order and didn't eat. I later called my credit card company and they reversed the charge. This is the WORST restaurant I have ever NOT eaten at in Charlotte!My advice is DON'T GO!
I was really disappointed in this place. I had heard it was good, but the food was terrible. I got crispy spring rolls, which were flavorless & I ordered the pad thai w chicken. It didn't even taste like pad thai. No flavor. I will not be coming back here.
We ordered delivery from them tonight and we are so disappointed ! Coconut soup is too creamy,the flavor is there but its texture is too thick for soup.Pad thai noodles were mostly vegetables , and it's kinda bland, and there's baby corns. WHY is there baby corns in my pad thai !!! Ugh !!! I would make a wild assumption that their cook is not from Thailand because this is not how an authentic pad thai should taste like. Curry fried rice was also bland, luckily we have sriracha at home. Again the curry fried rice is not authentic neither.We will not order from this place again, sorry.For those of you looking for an authentic or even great taste thai food, this is NOT the place!
Precooked noodles in Ragu like sauce.  I got the Thai food (Phod Thai).  Don't do it!  There was a sprinkling of vegetables and not much else.  I asked for extra lime and onion and they gave me a tiny end of a lemon (not a lime) and no extra onions.
Wow this place is the suck.  We ate there twice.  The first time the tofu was massively burned to a crisp and the second time I found a rusty fishing hook in my pasta bowl.  WTF  I've eaten at other locations and they are just fine, but this one must have bad staff and management problems because they are the SUCK.  Stay away.
Gross.  Went to Noodles for lunch on a Saturday, place was not busy.Bathroom was disgusting.  Dirty floor and wet.  No paper towels.  Smelled.Plates and bowls (all of them) were chipped.  Not sanitary.
I won't be returning. Today, I picked up an order for my friend and I. They read back the order and it was exactly what it should be, but when I got to work, they had not put a rice krispie bar in even though they charged us for it. Additionally, my Japanese Pan noodle bowl left much to be desired. The carrots were uncooked (even though they were supposed to be) and "topped with cilantro" means one slimy spring of cilantro with 2 leaves on it. My friend's pasta was burnt. Burnt! While I like Noodles & Company in general, this location is lacking.
This place is very affordable and is a favorite among UIUC students. However, the food is practically tasteless. It seems to me that meat and vegetables are quickly tossed with some spices and they call that a meal.  Simple said, the food lacks the depths of flavors that is present in authentic Thai food. I have lived close enough to Thailand to know what's good and what's not. This, I have to say is a major disappointed. Avoid at all cost.
Ugh... Or should I say: Eww...I was trying to find a place to have dinner tonight. I didn't want to eat at one of my usual spots and was feeling adventurous, so I just walked down Green St with the hope of finding something interesting. After a few blocks, I ended up passing by Basil Thai House, which I'd never noticed before.A quick look at the menu: it looks pretty standard. Prices are cheap ($7 entrees), but this isn't too unusual considering this is a college town. I find myself thinking: "Eh, I like Thai food... how bad could it possibly be" and walk in.What was supposed to be a rhetorical question turned out to be quite appropriate as the food, I found out, was... quite bad. I ordered the fried spring rolls, the basil chicken, and a Thai iced coffee. Pretty safe selection, one would think. The spring rolls were okay, I suppose, though really not that great. The problem was really with the basil chicken: it was honestly quite gross. First, why do they use ground chicken That's just wrong. Ground chicken is wrong. As are most other types of ground meats, in my humble opinion, but chicken even more so. And the dish was just not good. I ate a little bit of it and was done. For the next half hour I had a gross taste in my mouth. Eww.Lesson learned: even Thai food isn't always a safe choice.
i recently went on thai food kick around town... and to make the comparison fair decided to have basil chicken in several places... Thara Thai, Nitaya Thai and Basil Thai in campustown. the latter (Basil Thai) is by far the worst. as one reviewer already wrote before me, this is made here with ground chicken which is tasteless, too little food, and covered in a litre of saucebroth. WTF the tables and chairs in this place also seem sticky... covered in some weird nasty film. in summary, two words: stay away.
Ugh. A curry dish with barely any veggies No, potatoes do not count. They're not green. Even some basil in this so-called  "basil thai" restaurant would have been nice. Curry is hard to mess up because it has such strong flavor. However, given a choice, why go and have bad food
First off, our waiter only understood about 25% of what we said.When my "red snapper" with red curry sauce arrived and I took a bite, I realized it was talapia, and not red snapper. I hate the muddy flavor of talapia, and felt cheated because the dish cost $15.95.Our waiter didn't return for about 18 minutes, so I went ahead and started eating the sauce with rice, just barely nibbling on the fish.When he returned, I told him that the fish was talapia and not snapper. He checked with the chef and came back and verified my suspicions. I told him he should give us a discount since talapia is an inexpensive fish. He didn't understand and sent the manager over.The manager insisted it was red snapper and tried to convince us of that by talking about the chilis and spices. Excuse me, I know that red curry sauce does not make red snapper taste like talapia. I cook Thai food at home. I know what different fish taste like.She refused to give us a refund, and was not polite at all about the situation. If our waiter had shown up sooner, I would have just sent the dish back and ordered something else. (Of course, they probably would have tried to charge us for both!)In addition to this, the dish was overly salty, over priced, and they used that granulated garlic that leaves a bitter taste in your mouth for two hours. We won't be going back!
this was the must disgusting restaurant I have eaten at in years.  We ordered the dumplings and they arrived freezer cold.  Really.  When we sent the dish back, they came back with the same dumplings, just warmed up.  Ok, could have lived with that.  Green curry arrived with hair in both the rice and the curry dish.  The hair was long and black sticking out of the mound of rice on the plate.  When the replacement rice came back from the kitchen, it was the same rice, just forked through to remove the hair.  Next up was going to the bathroom.  As you walk to the back of the restaurant, the floor, walls, etc get dirtier and dirtier - and then look to the left and you'll see the same dirt and chaos in the kitchen.  This place is a health hazard.
My husband and I went there and I ordered the pad thai. I took a couple bites and noticed a hair in it. A black, curly-ish, 2 inch long, hair.  I was obviously disgusted and I told the waiter. I said I couldn't eat it and he turned and left. He didn't take the food away, apologize, or offer to bring me something else or a new plate of pad thai. He ran away because he didn't want to deal with it. So, then he finally comes back and tosses the bill on the table and leaves. I tried to get his attention but he was ignoring us! When he finally comes back I tell him that we're not paying for my meal since I couldn't eat it because of the hair. He said he'd ask his manager and when he finally came back he said they could take HALF off my dinner.  WHAT Really I took maybe 4 bites total before I found the hair and obviously didn't eat anything. Finally, he took the bill to his manager who took the pad thai off the bill. Also, the few bites of pad thai that I did have were awful. Not flavorful at all. The sauce was almost creamy. It was very different from any pad thai I've ever gotten and it was gross. I understand, sometimes things may end up in the food. I'll be reasonable about that. However when it does, make it right when it's brought to your attention. They didn't do that or even try. I will never be back.
A let down...read more...http:www.thaifoodaficionado.com201206nitaya-thai-champaign-il.html
found a bug in my rice...
I am not sure if there were extenuating circumstances, but this was a truly disappointing experience. I was looking forward to trying the new Uzbek place in town. But this is what happened:(1) We came in for dinner at around 6pm. The place was empty but they said they were open until at least 7:30. We ordered a few individual dishes (plov, samsa, and various shashlik) and a bread to share. They did not give us any glasses of water until we asked for it. The water had a smoky smell, but it tasted fine, so I did not think much of it (maybe the glasses are being kept next to the grillI). I was still looking forward to some traditional Uzbek plov, shashlik, and maybe even dessert at the end of the meal (they have medovik, which is usually very tasty).(2) After a wait of about 20 minutes, we received the two orders of plov and samsa. The waiter said the rest of the food would be coming out in four minutes. Except we did not have utensils. One of my friends had asked the waiter for a refill of water, so the waiter had disappeared to the back with his cup but was not returning for a while (it ultimately turned out he forgot about the water). So we found the utensils ourselves. The plov was okay, but the samsa was extremely salty.(3) After another at least 20 more minutes, we finally received the shashlik and bread. The bread was not fresh at all but it was warmed up, which was nice. However, the shashlik was universally terrible, and we tried several types: chicken, lamb, beef, and liver. This is usually one of the simpler dishes to make, so we were very unhappy. One positive is the portions were fair-sized for the price, but we all found ourselves having difficulty keeping our appetites (which is pretty unusual for me). Needless to say, we were no longer interested in dessert. By the way, we had no napkins either. We asked for some and he brought us two, except there were three of us at the table. We ended up getting more napkins for ourselves rather than ask again.(4) We asked for boxes (I think at the time we thought we would maybe give the food another try at home). My two friends both had liver kebab remaining on their plates, so we initially wanted to pack it ourselves to prevent any mix-up, but the waiter said he would pack it up for us, and we obliged, warning him to keep track of which box belongs to which person.(5) He brought the food to the kitchen and came out with our check. The water turned out to cost money (which he never mentioned when we asked for it), but at this point we were already so dissatisfied that we just wanted to get out of there. He graciously said the $2 for the water covered all our refills...We wrote down what each person owed and gave the waiter our cards. At this time, he realized that he forgot to add the tax to our check, so we told him he could add it to our individual amounts. While we were splitting the bill and paying for it, we were hoping our boxed food would come out. The waiter forgot about this as well until we reminded him after we paid. At which point he brought it out and said, "Oh but we did not track which box goes to which person, so you guys figure it out yourselves." You can imagine our reactions (though we did not say anything, since, again, we just wanted to leave).(6) After I got home and began writing this review, one of my friends informed me that the waiter had also forgotten to give us back our credit cards (and none of us had realized this because at the restaurant we were upset and trying to figure out what would be a fair tip for the absent service and low quality food).Overall: The waiter was not unpleasant, but he was extremely and unforgivably forgetful and inattentive, especially considering we were the only diners. The food was unpleasant and unforgettable. (As a result of being so unpleasant.) I find it really hard to believe that shashlik could be cooked so poorly (and take so long to cook it so poorly).
I don't know whats the problem but looks like they are closed. I've been calling them for 2 days but no one is answering the phone....
How the $%&! do you screw up rice and call yourself an Asian place I don't understand those who say this is the best Chinese food in Pittsburgh. I drove here from Oakland based on the reviews, but the rolling cart in the atrium of Newell-Simon Hall at CMU is better. This place is super, super cheap, but you get what you pay for. Cash only, no delivery. The staff are friendly, and know their regulars by face, but the food is greasy, below-average Chinese take out, and their rice is hard and undercooked. It wasn't a one-time thing, either. I went a second time (it is cheap) and the rice turned out the same. I will not be going back again, especially when I live a block from Orient Kitchen.
Such a strange restaurant.  1)  It is filthy.  Hard to get around this.2)  The portions are very generous.3)  We were told 25 minutes for our take out.  After we arrived at the place (25 minutes in) there was no sign of our food.  When we asked they said that it wasn't ready yet.  OK...  Then we were ignored for half an hour as seven different other take out customers got their order with little or no wait.3.5)  While we waited we were smoked out by fires in the kitchen three times!  Thick black smoke that made it difficult to breathe! 4)  The food was OK when we got it not the best or worst chinese food that I have ever had and certainly not worth the wait.5)  They don't take credit cards!Will not be returning...
This place is disgusting. The level of filth is off putting as soon as you walk in. I saw the cook lick his finger and blow his nose without washing his hands within 5 minutes. This place should be shut down. Stay away.
Closed. Out of business, at least when trying to check the place out on July 14, 2010.
One of the worst dinners out I've had in a long time. And a surprise, because of the great review in Pittsburgh's City Paper and the raves from other Yelp diners.Start with the appearance of the place, a grim storefront, tables so close together that I could hear customers to our left discussing the diarrhea they had contracted on their trip to Mexico, all with harsh overhead lighting.We ordered samosas from the appetizer menu, a Burmese noodle dish for my husband, and an Indian chicken and rice dish for myself. My husband's noodles were served at least 30 minutes before anything else, and had clearly been microwaved; they had that uneven hot spots thing you get with microwaving and weren't hot enough, IMO a cardinal sin for hot food-it should be served HOT. Finally the samosas came out, tasty but oozing grease. We waited so long after that that we actually asked for our check when they finally served the rice and chicken. A plate of dry, broken, crunchy rice that had the texture of the rice you scrape from the bottom of the pot was topped with a huge, clearly microwaved, leg-thigh section of chicken. This rice was described on the menu as "basmati" and to my mind basmati rice is beautiful long-grained rice. This rice did not meet that description and was barely edible. The chicken was tough.When we left we made tracks to a frozen yogurt place for some serious palate-cleansing.
THEY SERVE COLD AND MICROWAVED DISH!WORST DINING EXPERIENCE EVER!! My girlfriend and I were here for late lunch (around 2pm). I ordered a chicken curry and she ordered a vegetable dish. After waited for around 30 minutes the food was finally served..and guess what, the vegetable was HALF WARM AND HALF ICE-COLD!!!We called the waitress and she quickly brought it back into the kitchen...few minutes later she was back and the vegetables looks extremely soggy and dark. My girl friend asked if they have microwaved the food and that's when things turn from bad to ugly. The waitress started asking if we have ever used microwave before or if we have one at home, and said that every restaurants does that now. My girlfriend said if that's normal then it should be no problem writing that in a review.The waitress snapped and started yelling how we are trying to sabotage her business and saying that we are trying to not pay for the food! Please note that we have not at any point said that we would want the food to be free...she just want the others in the restaurant to think that she is the victim. She then kicked us out of the restaurant!!I am speechless still as of now and I would NEVER EVER go back there.
Yeah...I think the owner lady is crazy...don't ever complain or she will flip. She served me cold food and went nuts just because after she brought back a plate of saggy vegetables I asked if she microwaved my food. Quote of the day "Why didn't u tell me if u don't want me to microwave ur food" "u r gonna sabotage my business" "u just want free food don't u""u r only here looking for trouble" "please leave" ----All I've said was "u brought me cold food and after I told you, you microwaved it, do you think its right to do that " from my experience, the wait is super long, curry was normal. Appetizer is good but overall, the day is ruined because of this restaurant.
If you like good burmese food, please don't come here. I went to Ruby Burma with great expectations based on the Yelp reviews but was sorely disappointed. We tried the tea leaf salad (which was mostly lettuce and a bit soggy), the kow soy (bland, without the crispy noodles and pickles), and another salad (which was also soggy). Nothing was authentic or fresh for that matter unfortunately. I expected much better.
-BUG EVERYWHERE, DON'T LOOK UP AT THE LIGHTS YOU WILL GAG-SERVICE TAKES FOREVER, DON'T GO HUNGRY-BATHROOMS NEED A KEY, ATTACHED TO A DIRTY WOODEN SPOON-PRICES ARE RIDICULOUS FOR SUCH TERRIBLE QUALITY-HORRIBLE FOOD, WEAK FLAVOURS-WHEN THEY CLEAR A TABLE, THEY DO NOT WIPE IT DOWN. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED. THEY SIMPLY RESET THE FLATWARE AND NAPKINS. NEVER GOING AGAIN.These reviews have got to be jokes, because there is no way anyone could consider this food to be good by any standard. To begin with, we walked in to the mostly empty restaurant and had to flag down the hostess to be seated. We wanted to be seated near the window, no luck, as that would have meant that she would have had to clean the table off first. So she declined and sat us elsewhere. We then waited for 20 minutes to get a menu. Again, we had to flag down a server in a mostly empty restaurant. She immediately got us a menu, by taking two away from the couple seated near us....WTF. They hadn't even ordered yet. So the four of us had two menus. Oh well, that's ok. We waited another 25 minutes for her to come back and ordered. We got the 10 Glass Noodle Salad, 1 Chickpea Fritters, 17 Chicken Noodle Dish, 27 Beef Curry. The Salad was not glass noodle. It was a strange type noodle similar to spaghetti, the flavours of the salad were mild and almost non existent. Curry, chicken, hardboiled egg, coconut milk, and cucumber with peanuts. But every single component was so watered down it was a joke and the chicken was coated with a mystery ingredient. :P My favourite part was the salad was luke warm so i had no idea if it was supposed to be hot or cold. The beef curry was also a letdown. Very very mild with cheap cuts of beef you could have bounced off the floor. Even the appy was a let down, cheap fritters with a small serving of sauce, COVERED in chill flakes, enough that we gave up on the sauce. I love spice, I'll cover anything in Siracha, but come on it was a joke. My least favourite was the chicken noodle. It had tomato sauce from a can and half cooked noodles. It was served with a side of broth meant to be poured over it, but it was just dried garlic and pepper in a weak stock.Such a friggin ripoff
Wow! This place needs to close shop ASAP. Worst service package complete with dirty table upon arrival, drinks never arrived, took an hour before very bland food came. I really suck at writing and would like to continue. But For real the whole problem is that the owner lady gave zero effort to try to do anything to make the experience better. I believe she doesn't deserve to serve the community at all. Time for a new owner and menu.
Disappointing is the word that comes to mind when describing Buraka.We first ordered the samoons (excuse spelling errors) and they came to us with a warm outside and cold inside, a sure indication of them not being fresh and most likely frozen beforehand. Then we ordered the combination platter with each a side salad. The salad was measly at best. Very little lettuce and only a tomato on top. The food came out and was also partially cold.Also, this is so far from authentic. They gave you silverware. Also, platters should be served on a large tray, almost like a pizza tray, with injera covering the whole thing. The chosen dishes then on top. NOT in a bowl. I've had Ethiopian food in both NYC and SF, both times phenomenal and authentic. I would never ever bring someone here for their first Ethiopian food. They would get the wrong impression. I know that if Buraka was my first Ethiopian restaurant I would not list Ethiopian food as one of my favorite foods. Avoid unless you are desperate.
Okay, so first of all, I'm not from Madison so my opinion of what Ethiopian food should taste like is skewed. But I'm not going to base this review solely on that. I'm going to write this review because the food my sister and I had here the other night was absolutely terrible. We were hoping for a great late-night bite after spending the day on State Street, and this place looked interesting...I wish we had just perused the menu and walked out.I ordered the vegetarian peanut stew, and I tasted no peanuts in the "stew" whatsoever. The injera was disgusting and didn't soak up any of the sauce. My sister commented that it felt like she might be eating skin. I took my last bite and about gagged. Sis had the chicken peanut stew, curious- I tasted her sauce to see if it had any hint of peanut... none. We were both so disappointed in coming here, we walked out pretty let-down and depressed that we actually spent money on that slop. I've had better food served to me from a high-school cafeteria, and believe me, that is saying something.Do yourself a favor and skip eating here, save your first experience with Ethiopian food for a visit to a bigger city. I hate to dis Madison because I think a lot of restaurants here do their best, but Buraka is simply serving the cheapest and most ill-prepared food and getting away with it because you Madisonians have nothing to compare it to! Sorry if this sounded condescending or rude but I really don't want anybody else to leave with a bad taste in their mouth.
Would love to try this place but since they close so early (8pm) I need to do take-out as to not keep the place open later.  Unfortunately, I've called them on 4 separate occasions and have yet to have someone actually answer the phone.  I only get the recording.  This is beyond frustrating as I'd love to try it, as I'm a huge fan of Ethiopian food and am very excited about it's addition to Gilbert.  It appears they don't really need, nor want the business though.  So until they learn how to operate a business with customers in mind... 1 star.  I understand they may be busy, but then offer online ordering on the website, put a message on the voicemail, hire a helper during busy hours... or don't, and continue to lose customers.  It's not unreasonable to call a business during it's business hours, and expect an answer, at least by the second try.
I would like to try this place, but they are unresponsive to customers.  It seems that they tried to advertise with Groupon, and then didn't actually like it when customers tried to redeem their Groupons.--Did not answer the phone repeatedly--Actually spoke to her once, and she told me to text her.  I texted, got no reply.--Showed up at the restaurant at 4:30PM on a Saturday, and the doors were locked.  No answer to knocking or calling the phone.  --Other customers were outside, waiting.  One couple actually had a 4PM reservation, and was still waiting outside nearly an hour later.Tina's Ethiopian Cafe is not treating their customers with respect, and this is unacceptable.
I have honestly never, EVER been treated so poorly at a restaurant before. It must be nice to be Benjie M., who gave the place 5 stars and said Tina was sweet and friendly, because to me, Tina was one of the rudest people I've ever met. I had a Groupon, and so my boyfriend and I went in February on a Saturday night. We got there about 7:30. When we walked in the door, Tina was socializing with friends. When she saw us, she rolled her eyes and said, "ARE YOU SERIOUS! We closed like an HOUR AGO." Confused, I pointed out that their sign says that the last seating is at 8, and it was only 7:30. She told me that she didn't care and she'd decided to close early. We complained that the Groupon we had expired soon, and we wouldn't be able to come back before the expiration date. Tina sneeringly said, "Well didn't you see the SIGN" as she pointed out a small, hand written sign that all Groupons would be extended until March 28th. Disappointed, hungry, and a bit shaken by being spoken to so rudely, we left.Last night, we decided to come back and use that Groupon. We even made sure to get there nice and early, at 6. They were open, and we were seated. However, when we mentioned the Groupon this time, Tina said, "Oh that expired a long time ago." I reminded her of the sign she had had up saying that the Groupons would be extended until March 28th. She proceeded to give us a rambling, condescending lecture, basically amounting to the fact that she changed her mind, and refused to honor it.Needless to say, I really don't appreciate being treated like trash, and will never be coming back here again. If you want Ethiopian food, I'd recommend the Blue Nile Cafe in Tempe. Better menu selection, delicious food, pleasant staff, and comparable prices.
I always told myself that I would go to a local restaurant at least a couple times before giving a bad review, and I tried to go to this place 2 times so here you go. After working with a few Ethiopian restaurants in Atlanta on their marketing, I thought it was high time I try out an Ethiopian restaurant myself since I've never been, so when this Groupon popped up I thought perfect! As things with expiration dates go, I ended up trying to use this on the day it expired, a Monday, presidents day. Since the time I bought it I've moved away from Gilbert so we made a special trip out here to eat here, and invited my cousin and her husband to join us (even more potential customers, with 2 full paying customers!). I tried calling several times since the Groupon mentioned to call ahead, and I wanted to verify the times they were open but nobody ever answered. The recording did say their place was not open on holiday's, but since this is a restaurant and not a bank, I figure a restaurant would be open on presidents day. Apparently Ethiopia celebrates the American presidents now because when the 4 of us pulled up the place was closed. To double up on what Marissa said in her review, they did have a sign on the door saying they will accept Groupons until a date in March, I can't remember the exact date but I figure we would just come back and ended up going to San Tan Brewery (read my review for a great dining experience). Here is where things go even more south, I called to see how long again they will take that Groupon, Tina answers and starts complaining to me about Groupon, how I had all this time to use it and how she is not taking them anymore. I told her she had a sign on the door and I just wanted to know the date she will take them to. I JUST WANTED TO TRY SOME ETHIOPIAN FOOD!! I said I'd be happy to use just the value I purchased ($13) not the full amount it was good for (a full dinner for 2). She actually has no choice, businesses in Arizona are required to accept the purchase price since it's considered a gift certificate, but not the "groupon" deal. Either way she seemed to lighten up and said just come on in and she'll accept it. So that brings me to my 2nd attempt to eat here last Friday, March 23rd. We arrived shortly after 7:00 pm and were relived to see it was open. After walking in, we stood around for a few minutes until this little girl (as in 5 year old) walked into the back (presumably to tell whoever was working back there that people are here), out came someone (not Tina) who proceeded to tell us they were closed. I said I don't understand, there are people eating, the front door was open, it's 7pm on a Friday, but he said they were out of some ingredient and are closed now. So that was the last straw. After my 3 experiences with this place, how I was treated over the phone, how they seem to open whenever they want and not accommodate any bit of consideration to their customers, here is my first 1 star review for a restaurant.
UPDATE: Someone (who just joined Yelp btw) sent me an extremely abusive email via Yelp re: my negative review. Whoever this person is, firstly, doesnt speakwrite english properly, and secondly, makes threats that are ridiculous (I.e Tina will kick my ass if I ever went back to her cafe!) Are you kidding me! First of all, i will never ever go back there, unless I'm needed by the Health Dept. to testify against this establishment, and second, don't ever threaten me, especially when I'm giving my honest opinion. Have you heard of freedom of speech Sounds like Tina has a posse, but that is all she'll ever have when she loses her business due to dubious business practices! Hands down, absolutely the worst dining experience I've ever had. We only stayed because we were already there, and I had purchased a Groupon, wow what a waste. We sat down, and weren't even acknowledged for at least 10min. Then, the menus came about 20min later. So, about 30min of total wasted time. Maybe they were hoping we would read the disgustingly dirty book that was on the table on Ethiopia It's a great idea, until you realize it's not practical at all for a restaurant. Forget that our copy was from 1964. I'm sure even Ethiopia has changed since then. Moving on to the ambiancedecor. Absolutely, disgusting and dirty. It's old, owner's kids were playing in and out of the kitchen (hello), the kids' high chair (which was a regular high chair, not a restaurant style) was so disgusting, I had no idea what to do with my baby. Food. OMG. The amount of food you get is meager. I'm not kidding. It's a tiny little portion, probably about 3 tablespoons It came out cold and it looked like someone had thrown it up. I had ordered the biggest plate that combined most of the foods (which by the way, there are only 15 on the menu, and they were out of 4 of them), and my husband had ordered his own plate. After we patiently waited for the food, the server (who had no idea what was going on) came out and asked us if it's ok for them to put my husband's order on my plate. What Why But we said "fine" bc frankly, we wanted to just leave! In any case, the amount of my food was reduced by what my husband's food took up as space, which is not much, believe me. The quality of the food was just subpar. Cold, not tasty and lacking in meat.The "bread" was wet and sour, and I don't believe that's how ethiopian bread is. Some entries were beef and chicken, but you wouldn't have known it if it wasn't indicated on the menu. There were probably 2-3 TINY pieces of chickenbeef over all, I'm not kidding. (I wonder if it's bc I told them we had a Groupon in advance, and they just gave us a tiny amount of cold food with no apparent presence of meat.) Service was just horrible, and the girl (was she the owner, or maybe the owner's daughter) who waited on us at first, had no people or service skills. The boy who came in late apparently, was out second server, and he mentioned it was his second day, so he had absolutely no idea what to do. It was so sad to watch, really. The woman was just awkward. I wondered if there was something behind the scenes (in the kitchen) we weren't aware of, that was making the people working there completely incapacited. I also thought that if this restaurant can survive, anyone can be in the restaurant business apparently. I have traveled a lot, and am open to and love other cultures (I, myself, am not American), but this was by far not a tolerable or pleasant experience in any way. Looking at their website, you would think they are a well-established and clean business  but make no mistake, they are absolutely not. I am actually surprised they are still operating, and have a license. My husband and I wondered how long they will stay open, he gave them a month (but I have no idea how long they've been open for already.) Either way, we will NEVER ever go back there and waste another dollar. Please don't waste your money.
If you think the service and food is bad, just wait until you write a bad review for this disgusting, dirty poor excuse of a restaurant. My boyfriend and I gave it try because of a groupon he had purchased, and like many others that attempted to redeem it...they treated us like we were trash. I don't think they understand the concept of coupons, otherwise they would have tried to make more of an effort. The fact of the matter is, businesses use coupons and promotions to gain a regular population of customers and bring in revenue...but here at Tina's, they use it as a scam. Well it worked, my boyfriend bought the groupon and Tina's found a reason why we couldn't use it EVERY time we tried to use it. They also have little children working there so maybe they should be checked out concerning child labor laws. My boyfriend has been getting harassed non-stop for giving his honest experience with this business on yelp, not only over yelp messaging but by text message also (apparently their business phone is a cell phone and when he called to make sure the messages were from an employee they saved his number after cussing him out). They continue to be unprofessionally vulgar with the language, threatening and were very racist in their messages (calling him a dirty mexican--when he's not even hispanic) which is UNACCEPTABLE. I am ready to hear the racist and demeaning words they have for me, but I think the world should know how disgusting this place is. DO NOT SUPPORT BUSINESSES LIKE THIS, THEY SHOULD NOT GET AWAY WITH TREATING PEOPLE WITH SUCH A LACK OF RESPECT. There are so many other well-deserving, hard working, personable businessesrestaurants that deserve your time and money. And please believe me, when I get the treats and disrespectful messages because of this review it is going straight to the yelp offices and all over the internet.Oh and btw, the person harassing us is an employee there and has written a five star review, so I wouldn't trust any of the good reviews on here. This place needs to get shut down.
Just got this message from one of the owners (their review is under Jestin M.) this is me one of the owner of Tina's cafe.  you are obviously a poor idiot who is miserable in life.  If you have a nerve, you should've tell your complaint to us instead of crying out on yelp.  We have so many flowers and will continue doing great. Tina will bit the fack out of you if you come and let her know who you are.  ASS HOLE. Go back to your Mexico and eat corn with your whore mother.  by the way, your picture looks like a a guy who is infected with some kinds of disease.   Your women is ugly as you btw (lol)So after this I personally called and spoke with a manager, they confirmed Jestin works there. Even though I was being cordial with my tone and trying to be helpful in saying that this was my experience, maybe others are experiencing the same thing and that can help fix the problem, they proceeded to say a few things I wont retype here and hung up. I responded back and so did they. If you want to read that here is a screen shot of that: http:i.imgur.comPvcBz.jpgSo it was not enough for them to say that message. They just texted me this right now (since I called with my cell). "You keep mentioning 5yrs old about your stupid compain, we will report your info to be investigated if you are a child melester. Tina has a right not serve you for the safty of our customer. Take your little 10 dollar to mcdonald's. Lol"Here is a screen shot of the text I just got from the business phone number:http:i.imgur.com6j55D.pngSo if you feel like this is a place you would like to try out after reading this, by all means take your chances.
Apparently, the staff here is even worse than I thought. I, like several others, have now received extremely abusive and lewd messages from someone who is confirmed to work at Tina's, and by their own account, is part of the management. Unless you care to be treated like trash, called awful names, harassed, and threatened, I suggest you find someplace else to eat.
Tina needs to get a dose of reality. After I was harassed and verbally abused for leaving a negative review, Tina responded to it as well (my original review). Note to to you, Tina: our Groupon was NOT expired! So I'm not sure what your rant was about. In any case, I was really hoping this awful experience will be just left alone, but it seems like Tina and her workers can't get pass the reality of the situation, and the fact that there may be some customers who enjoy the disgusting atmosphere and undercooked and cold food, but there are also many, like me, who didn't enjoy anything about this (so called) restaurant, and will never go back! Newsflash to you, Tina&Co...This is no way to conduct business and it never be acceptable, here in the U.S. If these abusive tactics work in Ethiopia, they certainly do not here and will get you business shut down sooner than you can send another nasty email. I actually feel sorry for you bc you seem to have fooled a lot of people with your what it seems to be a very bi-polar attitude. If you ever contact me again, whether is by sending me another unacceptable and harassing email, or by responding in an abusive way, I will contact a few of the authorities that might want to look into your business (health Dept, the police), in addition to contacting some TV stations..believe me, this will be a good story for them! You are lucky I haven't done this yet bc make no mistake, I am relentless if I want to get something done.
Tina, instead of harassing people, try spending your time on improving and building your business (if that's even possible.) You are the most unprofessional business owner I have ever encountered. You accuse people who give your cafe negative reviews of things that are not only true, but preposterous (yes, look it up.) You claim to have all these supporters (true or not) but by judging how you abuse people, you may not have many to speak of soon..especially when they realize that you have kids working at your low-rate establishment. I can only feel sorry for you and your business. To all the people who are thinking about going to this place: spend your hard earned dollars elsewhere. There are so many small businesses who will treat you right and make your money spent well worth it. This "cafe" is not one of them. If you do end up going there, and happen to write a negative review, brace yourselves for a string of abusive and harassing replies to your review. To Tina: spend your time on your business, not on harassing people. Maybe you can even see a therapist, you seem to have a lot of issues (disconnect from reality, lying, anger, inability to take criticism and improve, consistent defamation of other honest people..should I go on!) You are a sad excuse for a small business owner, and it's people like you who give a bad rep to your country.
It wasn't for me. I generally like middle eastern food.  I got the sampler to go ; babaganesh, falafel, taheni, humus with pita. Everything was very bland. The pita and falafel were chewy. I ended up throwing most of it out.
How this place gets any more than one star is beyond me. The first concern is the appetizers (falafel, hummus, baba ghanousj) are the furthest thing from Ethiopian.  If I wanted Middle Eastern food I would go to Pita Jungle. The main courses are like "pseudo-Ethiopian".  The meal descriptions are like written in a way you'd trick a child into eating something a little weird.  And no "doro wat" on the menu !  That's like a Thai restaurant not having "Pad Thai". The main dish Americans eat. The food. Bland and boring. Don't bother going.
My biggest complain was the service: slow with lots of mistakes. It took over an hr for our appetizer to arrive, while one party of 3 who came later of us already finished and left (and another party of 6 had their order 20min earlier).  We were too hungry, and we asked for bread. Took them in total 40min to get us the bread.Water was never filled until we asked and it came 10min later.There were about 5 tables at the peak time that night with 2 servers. Then there were the owner and his family. The owner came to apologize after us waiting for almost an hr, saying he'd check on the meals, but he never came back with a follow-up. At the end, he offered dessert on the house, but they were out of the one we wanted. He didn't offer to not charge our appetizer. Not sure how sincere he was about his apology.Food was ok. Decor was ok. Due to bad service, I would not go back.Mistakes they made:(1) 1hr wait entree(2) 40min wait for bread and appetizer(3) water was never refilled(4) entree were wrong
We went not long after they opened, so I could almost forgive the extremely slow service and our server's lack of food-related English vocabulary.  It takes awhile to learn.  But the food we (finally) got was inexcusable.My dinner seemed to be chunks of vegetables stuck under a broiler until burned on the outside, nearly raw on the inside.  I thought African food would be spicy, but nope, just veggies.  My husband got fish that was so full of bones it was inedible.  Maybe there were other things on the menu we would have liked better, but we couldn't communicate with the server well enough to find out.The glass of wine was so stingy, a modest-sized glass only maybe a third of the way full, that I sent it back and got a bottled beer instead.
I would never ever in my life eat here. I would give it -100 stars if I could. Last time I was there for dancing there was broken glass all over which the staff refused to clean up. You think that's bad There was also puke all over for the whole entire night that the staff said they weren't going to waste their time cleaning up until bartime. DISGUSTING. The bathrooms stank of piss (I believe it was all over the floors), the sink lever was busted, the towel dispenser was on the ground under the sink.... There was even a bloody tampon sitting on the sink!!!!!!!!! I am going to report this place to the Health Department as soon as I get a chance. How can you even operate a business like this and then refuse to take care of the mess after being asked numerous times How can you just stand around when there are biohazards all over your damn restaurant I think I've said enough...
We went to La Kahima with a groupon for two. Our deal was *supposed* to include appetizers, a choice between 3 main meals (1 vegeterian, 1 chicken, 1 beeflamb), hibiscus drinks, tea, and dessert of the day.Turns out, that's what EVERYONE gets, groupon or not, as that's ALL they have.As soon as we arrived, the owner explained us that instead of letting us choose each one of the three main meals (as it was stated on the groupon), he was going to put all three choices in a platter for us. We thought, yeah why not! Sounds good! Again, turns out that's what EVERYONE gets, whether you like it or not.Not everyone however, gets the same portions according to this dishonest establishment! Everyone else around us was there with a groupon as well, and while they all got the hibiscus drink, it wasn't even offered to us as an option (even though we technically paid for it). The owner told us that for appetizer he would bring us a choice of different dips with pita, while really we got a platter with a bunch of canned corn and peas, and a tiny bit of a not-so-good zucchini dip. The people sitting beside us got 3 different types of dips, including the eggplant one, which is the one I really wanted to try. The owner told us that, regarding the main course, there was no lamb, only beef, and we agreed to it. Ten minutes later our neighbors got served lamb AND beef meatballs. We got 3 beef meatballs in our platter, our neighbors got 6. Again, SAME groupon, SAME amount of people. Lastly, we were not served any water until 30 minutes after we arrived.In other words, this place is a very smart money trap. Be aware! Definitely not worth the $30 groupon + $15 of taxes & tip. STAY AWAY!
We went to this place with a groupon. The owner offered us a 'special' meal because he supposably really liked us as guests. We would get to taste every type of tagine (chicken, beef and vegetarian)...that seemed like plenty of food for three people! They started us off with a soup. Quite tasty, but...my cousin found a thick black hair in her soup. Not ok! And then, to make matters worse, she found a little piece of bone. I don't think this is part of a traditional pea soup, right We complained and the waiter apologized. The owner said he would make up for it with a delicious three type tagine platter. When we got the tagine platter, it turned out everyone around us (with a groupon probably) had EXACTLY the same thing. The owner was obviously just fooling us in telling us that he would make us something special. On top of that, the portions were quite small, really not enough for three people. Afterwards we got our desert: small pieces of almondpaste mixed with sugar (I was actually crunching on the sugar, disgusting). After this dinner disaster was over, we got our bill, paid it and didn't leave a tip. The owner yelled something at me as I walked out the door (probably about not tipping). The whole fiasco was finally over. My advice: STAY AWAY
This restaurant is no longer here.
Stale chicken! I lived in West Africa for a period and enjoyed the local "tantie's" peanut sauce and foufou, but this place was a far stretch from good home cookin'.  It gives a bad impression of West African food, so don't pretend you like it just to be courteous and worldly-old chicken is old chicken.  The only redeeming part of the meal was the free appetizer of plantains.  Maybe... one day, Phoenix will have a good West African chop shop that doesn't use a can of veg-all in their sauce.
Ladies and Gentleman, the current location for Bantu Bistro is dead.  The chef and visionary behind bringing West African cuisine and culture to the Valley, Emmy  Ayafor, was forced out of Bantu Bistro.  I heard there are a bunch of Americans cooking there now and the food has gone down hill.  However, I went to the Bantu Bistro website (still maintained by Emmy) and emailed him.  My friends and I had Emmy cook for us at my house.  It was very affordable, and the food was FANTASTIC!  I'd give Emmy's cooking 5 Stars!  We had goat, chicken curry, fried rice, corn fufu, and fried plantains.  There was so much food, I'm still eating it!  Good luck opening your new restaurant Emmy.  Those of us that demand authenticity will be waiting, impatiently!  Jeff
Drove by today.  CLOSED
Went down to try this restaurant. Waited 15 minutes for service in an empty restaurant while the servers were bussing their tables. Finally got service and cold bread, waitress blamed the slow service on it being busy when the place was deserted. We decided to leave and try our luck elsewhere.
The only time I have ever gotten food poisoning, I got it here, while I was on vacation. I was sick for a day and a half, when I decided to try something different other than my beloved Kabul. Have never been back, and won't ever.
I can't speak for the food, I didn't try it.  My boyfriend and I planned to until the owners son insulted us.  My boyfriend was talking with him regarding Turkey, the food, culture, suggestions for what to order off the menu, etc.  It's like a switch was flipped and the son, Anan I think was his name, said my boyfriends ego was too high and he was fake.  To my surprise my boyfriend stayed calm, wondering what he'd done or said to make this guy insult him for no reason.  After stumbling on words, he denied ever saying the word "fake".  I interjected that he had, and as another service member I would never talk that way to a customer.  To this his reply was that my boyfriend influenced my thoughts, we were twisting his words and that I am trash.  He proceeded to yell at us as we walked away.The food may or may not be good.  If you'd like to support people like this, go ahead and try it.  I sure won't.
I really wanted to love this place, since it is run by one of the guys from Efes.But I couldn't even finish my meal.First of all, the meat is pre-cooked and microwaved to order. So if you enjoy chewing on tasteless meat for 10 minutes per bite, then you may enjoy this. The price is not cheap enough to forgo proper (and simple) cooking techniques.The hummus was, however, tasty. Although very familiar. I believe they may have bought it from Middle Eastern Bakery & Deli on 16th street.The salad that came with my meal was uninspired and I also found what I believe to be a fingernail fragment in it. I don't know. But it was unexpected as it crunched in my mouth.This place has some potential, but they really need to provide better ingredients and especially better preparation. As is, it's embarrassing to be called TurkishMiddle Eastern food. It's really the McDonald's of the genre.Also, please. The Mexican hot sauce does not belong in your restaurant, and especially not slathered on your pita bread.
In my first experience with Med Fresh Grill, I found the food to be average. It was the service I received that makes this ranking so low. Horrible.
I am Turkish and Med Fresh Grill does not do a good job to represent Turkish food. Their doner (gyro) is not good at all. Their Adana kebap was ok when they started their business but now it is disaster to eat. It was only choice to eat some Turkish food in Valley. Luckily, now, there is a new Turkish restaurant (called as Turkish kitchen on Warner Ave -between Arizona and Alma School Rd in Chandler) opened last week. If you try their food, you can definitely understand how Turkish food should taste. I hope with this  new Turkish restaurant, Med Fresh Grill can reconsider their menu again to find the true essence of Turkish food.
The food was pretty bad. Enough for me to sign up and write my first review on Yelp.I was in town for business and wanted some middle-eastern food. Checked Yelp and this place had a good rating.Inside looked nice and I saw what I wanted which was the Adana (ground beef) kabob. The picture looked tasty. With a drink the total was $15, yes $15!Got my food and it looked nothing like the picture. Small portion of dry overcooked flavorless beef with a bed of awful Spanish rice and a salad with a little bit of honey Dijon dressing. Hardly authentic or flavorful especially for 15 bucks. I suggest you look elsewhere in town for good kabobs because the food was just plain bad.
Wow, the chicken was too burned and they charged me $1.99 for grilling the tomatoes and onions but didn't tell me. When I objected they just said, "Oh well." Not for me. There are too many other good Med places in Tempe.
A friend told us about how great this place was and we decided to give it a try. My boyfriend and myself have over 30 years in resturant and customer service experience and I always take a moment to compliment great service, however this time  I was so incredibly disappointed that I felt it was necessary to speak out about how not only was the food FAIR but the lack of customer service was borderline pathetic.  The hummus had no flavor, and the pitas were about the same. When we placed our orders, they were out of the three dishes we had inquired about. After about 20 minutes my boyfriend's meal came out and it was cold, I then sat there for 7-10 minutes awaiting for my salad wondering why it was taking forever and as to why you would bring out one meal and not the other with zero explanation. I have had mint salad at other middle eastern restaurants however this was not so amazing, and should really be served as a side dish and not a meal, especially being $9.00 I also asked for chicken to be added which consisted for an additional $4.00 (4 pieces).The guy who took our order was too busy in conversation with everyone else and never once checked on us, although he was sure to make eye contact with me about 5 times. Eventually, the gal who was working (Brittany) stopped over to fill drinks and see if we needed anything...she was the only positive thing about this experience. I expressed my concerns to Brittany who went to tell the owner that we were not happy with the experience and all she can say was sorry sorry sorry and never offered to make things right,  and pushed for us to have "a little dessert to go"...which I did not want. I wanted my "meal" comped which would have been the right thing to do, aside from the apology and to leave. The guy who originally took our order came over to apologize and did nothing but give me a list of excuses on why he may have dropped the ball... in which I called him out on, this guy really should look into another profession because customer service was not his strong suit tonight. Bottom line, I would not recommend this place to anyone. There are many middle eastern restaurants ASU who have superior service and much better food.
Just picked up an order from here, the beef kebab and the beef gyro plate. $26.00 for skimpy portions, and no pita bread. Needless to say I live too far away to go back. Very disappointed. Food is nothing above average either.
Eat first before you go!!!!Ok food, but kid portions, spent $90 for a family of four and left hungry!Added insult is 18% mandatory tip for parties of 4 or more( I thought the IRS changed the rule about that).So in short, first and last time!
Great food.However I am severely lactose intolerant, so every time I come here I ask for the falafel plate with no dressing. Over half the time they put the dressing on the food.The first time I decided to just go with it, and I learned that if I eat the dressing I will be completely empty within an hour. I wish I could trust eating here.
First time tried this resto in montreal the entree was borek with dolme and eggplant which were all old and cold not good in taste at all not comparable with the borek in turkeyThe main dish was small chops of lamb with vegetables so greasy and small portion the price was too expensive 19$ Small cup of tea like one small shooter 3$ Too expensive It was not at all the turkish restoIt is a totall shit
Closed.
Not a Turkish restaurant. And when it was, created bad reputation for Turkish food. I'm not sure how it is as a steak retaurant now, make sure it's not the same owner anymore...
Terrible food.  There was no background music playing in the restaurant once you sat down so you could hear people's conversations from across the room.Midway through the meal, a random woman from the street came up and asked us for money!!No return for us, ever!
Great service, but this is honestly the worst food I have ever eaten out at a restaurant in my life. I dont suggest going here for food EVER (maybe for the drink specials and hookah but nothing else).
Restaurant dot com you've let me down once again. I've got to ask myself why do I keep doing this. I guess the good restaurants don't have to use coupons. To be fair we ordered the three steak options on the menu, all a huge disappointment. First we must of got the "sell by this date" steaks because its easy to tell what a previously frozen steak tastes like.   Second the New York strip was cut by the first day of culinary school student, coincidence Johnson & Wales is so close, hmm No offense to Johnson and Wales but every schooluniversity has drop outs. One side was about 34 inch, other side an inch, and was cooked to a shoe leather consistency. No excuse for an overcooked steak ever, and all ordered medium rare.Avoid this place even if free.Oh yeah should of walk out when saw it was also a "Hookah" lounge, seriously
I'm simply not a fan of this place and don't plan on going back so let me explain why... Last fall, before a panthers game I came here and had a pretty decent lunch-I had a tasty buffalo chicken wrap with fries and two Bloody Mary's (yes it was one of those Sundays) and all was good. I left for the game with a decent memory of Presto. Fast forward to the new owners and disappointed is the best word that comes to mind. First, I met a co-worker for a quick lunch, which meant I wasn't hungover or imbibing, so it was a much more objective assessment. I paged through a menu that has a serious identity crisis from mediterranean to American to italian pasta dishes to typical bar food and settled on a chicken gyro sandwich...when in doubt, I always go the specialty cuisine. When it arrived it had tzatziki on the side (good) and some weird, greasy dressing drizzled inside (not good). To make things worse, after my first taste, I almost sent it back to say I ordered chicken, thinking they gave me fish...but them realized the consistency was chicken with a really bad taste. Nonetheless, I ate the pita bread and wilted greens I got for a side salad and split...with a stomach ache to follow.  I really try to give places more than one try before writing a bad review but you couldn't pay me to go back for another try
Very poor service. Unremarkable at best.
This was my first time coming to this restaurant and I came because a lot people and media were talking about it. I took my Mom on Sunday for her birthday. The only thing good about our meal was the water, orange juice and corn bread snack. Actually, the OJ was room temperature, so it was 'borderline good'.I ordered smoked pork chops, home fries and green beans. My Mom order salmon cakes, collard greens and mac-cheese. The pork chops had a good smoke flavor, but they were too salty and paper thin. The fries were over-cooked and soft. The green beans were greasy and tasted sweet. Sometimes, people will add a little sugar to green beans if they accidentally add too much salt; I believe that was the case.My Mom's salmon cakes were dry, the collard greens were flavorless and under cooked (probably just stir-fried) and the mac-cheese was dry.Not only was the food bad, but it wasn't even hot and my green beans had a little solid grease on them (eeewwwww!).I won't go back because the meal was expensive (wtip), the parking was terrible and the food was no good.It was a total disappointment for me. I was embarrassed for recommending this restaurant.
I am so sorry to rate Mert's so poorly but after the treatment received today I must admit to extreme disappointment in one of my previously favorite Charlotte establishments.  After being invited repeatedly via automated email marketing, I decided to go with a group of friends to celebrate my birthday with lunch at Mert's.  After the most interesting discussion (!) with manager () I discovered that I did not have the necessary "proof" to rate the birthday "deal" in spite of having a valid NC driver license clearly showing my date of birth.  In today's economy, I was stunned that any food establishment would take such a tack with a good paying customer!  No worries on seeing my dollars at Mert's ever again.  To many restaurants want my patronage.-cheers
Would never go back!  I was in a party of 3 that was seated at a table for 4, and was then asked if we could move to accommodate another group.  Okay, not a big deal.  However, it all went down hill from there.  Our waitress was nice and polite, but we waited for close to an hour and still nothing showed up at our table.  The people that were sitting at our original table had been served and had already left.  We asked our waitress a number of times why we weren't getting our food, and she kept apologizing and saying "it's on it's way."  But it never came.  It wasn't like we ordered anything unusual, it was eggs, sausage and toast.  The whole thing was weird because others were getting served, and their food was arriving at their table.  Finally, we just said thanks, but no thanks and left.
To sum up my recent trip to Mert's...pretty delicious food yet poor customer service. The only fast service was for the drinks and cornbread. Our waiter was very inconsistent and neglecting us. There were at least four tables with more than three customers which received their entrees before my girlfriend and I did. It will be a very long time before I go to Merts again.
In my opinion EPIC FAIL ...... I'm from Charlotte and my first time going there was last week and boy was i not impressed. I guess when soul food come to my mind i think of greatness because I'm from the south, it could be a lot better.
I rarely give bad reviews, but this was a pretty horrible food experience. My cousin was in town today from Seattle and requested "good soul food." I've heard good things about Mert's, but have not had an opportunity to try. I figured it would be a good opportunity to show my cousin some good souther food. HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT. The fried chicken was pretty bland. It seemed like it was pre-made and left out for too long. The collard greens were insanely salty. Instant high blood pressure for sale! :( I ordered the salmon cakes which were really hard. I have to say that the corn bread was absolutely amazing, which makes no sense that the rest of the food was so unappetizing.
The service here sucks. We went there and they got us the main meal before the appetizer and bread.  When I requested to have my appetizer first, the waitress replied that they are expecting lots of people from the convention and they are trying to get us out as fast as possible. I immediately left. Never going to go back again.
Horrible!!
My husband & I went here based on the reviews from here. We were in Charlotte for our anniversary and I was eager to try the local cuisine. I like trying small businesses and supporting them. With that said...Mert's was disappointing and overpriced. The fried chicken was bland, you should not have to put salt on fried chicken. The Mac n cheese and pound cake was ok at best. The fish had bones in it and one got caught in the back of hubby's throat. The greens and yams were ok. The WORST was the red beans; tasted like they were cooked in a caldron of hell. I got peach cobbler and could not eat it because it was disgusting!!! Horrible!!! If I go to a place especially a mom and pop and spend almost $40 for 2 dinners and 2 desserts it should be excellent. I have gone to mom pop shacks spend under $20 and got excellent food like grandma makes. I would not recommend this place and would never go back. I can't believe people like this food. It's too bad I have to leave this review because I love supporting small businesses and especially black operated small businesses. Yuck!
I had such high hopes for this place but it fell short in many ways. I had their fried green tomatoes and for $6, I got 4 slices of skinny green tomatoes, deep fried and over battered.  Tried their fried chicken, it wsa crispy but why is the portion so small. The table cloth is grimy and sticky..Try a Waffle house and I think you'll have a better dining experience.
Best thing about eating lunch here is the patio seating. Special soft shell crab over mixed green salad was disapponting at best. Soft shell crab was over-battered and lacked crab flavor. Salad was dull and lime vingrette seemed to be missing the lime. Chopped red onion totally overpowered. On prior visits, sweet potatoe fries are decent.
We had a disappointing experience with customer service regarding a group reservation. In fact, they have yet to call back to confirm or cancel. If they can't get a reservation right, what else would have gone wrong
Getting seated wasn't difficult but after that the experience fell apart. We ordered  cocktails and water. The cocktails came in a timely manner but we only received one water. My husband ordered the shrimp and grits and I ordered the grilled scallops with butternut squash. The temperature of both dishes was cool. Almost room temperature. My husbands shrimp and grits were colder than my squash. The service was not professional. Being rushed to get the credit card out after receiving the bill.
If I could give Mimosa Grill "0" stars, I would.  I made a reservation with Mimosa for my family's Thanksgiving meal in 2012.  I called a month in advance and inquired about the menu.  I was explained all the menu choices that would be available and with Mimosa Grill's reputation, decided to go forward with it.  When we arrived on Thanksgiving Day, the restaurant did not have a menu - it was a buffet.  Never was this mentioned during our 15 minute phone call when I made the reservation.  A lot of people do not like buffets - so this should be made clear!  Secondly, the chef had sizzling salmon on the buffet.  This caused the restaurant to REEK of salmon and therefore every bite of food I took tasted like salmon (which I don't particularly like).  The rest of the food was overly heavy and greasy.  But, hey, at least I didn't gain weight over the holiday.  I believe when a restaurant serves a holiday meal, there is a special trust they must have with their customers.  We choose to trust the restaurant with our most treasured memories. Also, holidays are so booked, we can't leave and go to another restaurant!  Mimosa Grill blew it (although I am pretty sure we will look back at this and laugh).  We did call Zink's (where we ate last year and owned by the same company) to see if they could fit us in.  Unfortunately, Zink's had also chosen to go with a buffet this year (unlike last year)  and didn't have any tables available.  What a shame - I will definitely be more discriminating next holiday, and my sister is even entertaining the idea of cooking.
I looked at the reviews and thought this would be a great place for bunch.  Wrong! I don't know how their regular menu food is but their brunch was horrible with a capital H.  $21 a person was way too much for disgusting food.
I went here for Sunday brunch trusting all the good yelp reviews.  However, I was extremely disappointed.  All the food was cold and clearly had sat around for a long time.  The servers were not friendly.  I politely asked that they bring out some hotter food and I was told "we are working on it" and the employee turned away.  Some "hotter" food came out 20 minutes later but most everything was still cold.  I called back later in the day because for $40 I expected better.  The manager disregarded my feedback, did not follow up, and clearly did not care.  My advice Stay away unless you have extra money for cold food and bad service.
I am not sure how someone thinks this food is great.  It is subpar and out of the freezer.  There is no way that this is Southern fare that is good or even tasteful.  Nothing is homemade and food is dry.  Service is nice and the lobby is good.  But please close and stop serving food that comes out of the freezer.  Grocery stores are always open.
From my one and only visit today so far, I rate this restaurant poorly because it took the server a long time to come to my table after I was seated. I ordered something on the menu called Sly Scottie because next to it in italics it said 'We're famous for this one!' It sounded okay: Turkey, broccoli, and cranberry sauce on top of a muffin (they mean English muffin). But when it came out it just looked like a bowl of lard. It also felt like I was eating a bowl of lard. I should have probably ordered from the diet menu. Haven't had this bad of an experience in a while.
Pathetic, no other way to describe this brunch.I did have breakfast here once before and it wasn't this bad. Feel my pain: .....I get there on Sunday at 1:30pm after the rush was over. Their house special "Eggs Benny" covers the whole front of the menu. I order that with a cup of black coffee. I get the coffee then my waitress disappears until 20 minutes later when she brings me my plate. I stop her from running off because the food looks suspicious. Sure enough the poached eggs were hard boiled. "Is that too cooked for you" YES.I wait and I wait and I wait ( just a few customers in the house) and a whole 15 minutes later she quickly drops off the new plate and runs off, NEVER TO BE SEEN AGAIN. It's been 35 minutes since I first ordered. One egg is borderline ok, the other is hard boiled again, the Hollandaise is dry and starting to curdle, the English muffins are not toasted properly and they're chewy as hell, the hash browns are absolutely tasteless. Not a micro-gram of salt, pepper, paprika, onions nothing to give it any flavor. No waitress anywhere, not only mine but all the ladies wearing black tee-shirts are anywhere but in the dining room. After a few more minutes I lose patience, go to the counter find a waitress and ask her for my check.The girl at the cash register asks me how was my meal and I tell her exactly how it went.... in detail. She is very very very sorry but doesn't offer to comp even the coffee. For maybe only the second or third time in my whole life I don't leave a tip. The worst Eggs Benny I've ever had, coupled with ridiculously bad service: $15 and some change including a cup of coffee. That's right, over FIFTEEN DOLLARS for this.edit: check out the review that was filtered, I don't see why it was.  It reports a very similar experience to the one I had with the kitchen unable to cook the food right and the customer still being charged for it.
The Casino is a trap on so many levels. First off the Buffet is so not worth it, why pay 10 dollars for salad and hot dogs Second the staff at the Casino are all a bunch of little Mamone Cocksuckers that are afraid to let you sit 5 minutes in the parking lot before they call the Salt River Police.  If you feel like seeing the back of a Police car and getting physically and verbally abused by several sets of fake ass cops then Casino Arizona is the place for you. NOT WORTH IT!Just go to Hometown Buffet and save yourself lots of time and trouble.
I have never been treated so rudely, by a fellow group of native americans. Makes me regret the time and effort I spent trying to help these greedy tribes gain this power, that they now so blatantly abuse. It also makes me rethink the whole legality of it. These apples have red skin, but a white core.
next time I get the once in a blue moon urge to visit a casino, I'm just going to take $20 out of my wallet and rip it in half.
I'm interested to know why people continue to come here when Talking Stick is right down the road. I have personally witnessed a fellow gambeler spitting on the machine whilst he gambled. I will be forever haunted by that image.
Let me start by saying that I didn't even want to go to Casino Arizona. I had family visiting and they don't like to do much, but they do like to gamble. OMG, I didn't consider the cigarette smoke when I suggested we go. This was the first time i've been to a casino outside of Vegas and this was a completely different crowd. You've got the high rollers and then you've got the low rollers. This place was filled with low rollers at 11 am. They're were alot of people in there that looked poor, sick, and in need of medical attention. Fortunately my relatives they didn't want to stay for more than an hour. My sister and I spent most of the hour sitting outside in the fresh air. If you like to smoke and sit, and don't mind being mistaken for a hooker, then this is the place for you.
Ah, the place where dreams go to die. I find most casinos in Arizona to be a little depressing, this was no exception. It's pretty small, but they do offer all the games, including tables, bingo (and late night bingo parties) and keno and it's easily accessible, so it will do on occasion, when I can handle all the smoke for a few hours.
CHEATERS. My mother Charleen DelVillano MacMillan won bingo with a lady at the other table. Beth Reed and I screamed at the top of our lungs and the 2 employees behind us didn't blow the whistle to stop the game and DID NOT pay. AVOID. Bingo supervisor was a dick! Chris the Go to Lone Butte or Fort McDowell where they know how to run a game. Shame in you for ruining our Mother's Day outing. I will be bringing my high roller card to Lone Butte from now on!
A disappointment. The casino itself was nice but that's it. You have to pay for drinks. The players card they offer is a joke. You have to play a certain amount if money before you get any free play.
My son, one of his friends and I went to L8 Night Bingo tonite. I have played Bingo at CA many times and never paid much attention to details. We all paid for the same package. At one point we noticed that I had twice as many cards as my son, then noticed his friend had 3 times as many cards on each game. When my son questioned them about it they called security and took him to some office. Then they threatened him with the police and accused him of things he did not do. Watch out for these people. If you catch them cheating you may find yourself being detained.
I can't even give it one star because the people that take your money are mean. Yes I agreed that I'm not a pro gambler, but I'm not a sore loser either. I spent lots gambling and had a bad experience with Jennifer and grandma. The more you spend the worst the casino treats you. I would recommend the bar because prie treats you awesome and her staff.
This is a review of Coco's in the Sunset:..OMG just stay away. First you have to walk thru a smoke infested casino.  This is just a dated casino coffee shop, re-branded under the Coco's names. It's not been updated or cleaned since the casino was opened. Coco's menu nice with lots of selections, nothing complex as far as offerings. Service here it gets really good! Basically a non-inolved staff, just putting in time with an attitude. Clearly our waitress didn't want to be at work. Kept breezing by saying our order is due up any minute....Finally arrives 45 minutes after taking our order. Stated it just came up on the serving table. Order was cold, slab of curled swiss cheese on my omlet, cold toast. We just got up and left. Before we left asked to speak to manager...Ha...explained situtation to another wait staff member...she blantly stated they couldn't do anything thats just the way it is...Don't waste 1 hour of your life..lots of other choices in the area....give Marie Callendars a try, right down the street.
Regarding THE BUFFET, I was impressed with it when I was there in November, therefore I made it a point to return. Boy, do I regret it. It was totally disappointing. The staff was not friendly, they actually had attitude...the food was horrible, and the presentation was horrible. It was sloppy and dirty. I spoke to a manager and complained about the guy at the carving station. When he finally decided to return to his station (from the back) he didnt utter a word and helped the lady behind me, when I was first in line. All of their attitudes suck, and they act as if they hate their jobs. NEWS FLASH: TO ALL BUFFET EMPLOYEES WORKING THE LINE...If customers like us dont frequent the buffet, you wouldnt have a job!!  something to think about! The only nice person I came across was Ray behind the dessert bar, he was friendly, and actually enjoyed his job. Ray you can do better than that, find another hotelcasino that will appreciate you!
Sneaky "hotel amenity fee" of 14.95 which I actually think is a good deal, but it's only when you check-in that it's communicated in the room key folder.  Furthermore, asked three times regarding internet and was told it's free.  If you pay for something, it's not free.  So, was charged another 9.99  for additional device.  Questionable business practices, but then again, what would you expect from a casino.  Definitely not returning to sunset.  Texas station was my long time favorite, but if they play the same game, not taking my business to any station casinos.
Sunset Station Amphitheatre Concerts.What a horrible experience.  I will never go there again.  Here is the scene. 103 degress at 8:00PM at a Kenny G Concert. Okay I know this venue is in the desert, but please. We paid top fees (about $100 per ticket) for presumably the best seats. They set up the lawn chairs so close that you could barely get your leg in the row. Everyone had to empty the row to get a seat. The chairs were zip tied togther so close that even the skinniest person had to sit sideways to sit.  The leg room was much less that the worst airline seat you have ever seen.   It was on the lawn and they didn't care that there were ants all over the place that were biting everyone. I would think that should have been sprayed before hand to get the ants out of there. No misting machines, no fans, cramp everyone with a good seat together like sardines in a can. Just to make the most money.  Shame on you Sunset Station.  You could not even bring a bottle of water in. Oh but you could buy 6 ozs of water for $2.00 inside. It was quite interesting that the cheap seats had plenty of leg room.  Duh. We could not even enjoy the concert and had to move to the back rows so we would not faint. We would not recommend the Sunset Amphitheatre. Avoid it all costs.  I just don't get it.  Why wasn't this inside
We flew to Vegas on September 7 to attend the Gary Allan concert being held at Sunset Station.  I reserved a King Suite, spending approximately $675 for two nights using their prepay option which offers a discount.  Upon arrival I was asked if I had reserved a smoking room.  I had no idea that smoking rooms in hotels still existed and I told Ms. Irwin, the desk clerk, that I didn't want a smoking room.  Our "king suite" turned out to be Room 223, the hospitality suite located on the second floor near the meeting rooms.  For $675 we had a view of a wall on one side and the employee smoking area below the bedroom window.  While the room was spacious, the housekeeping was suspect.  Upon running a clean tissue over the floor I must have picked up hair and lint from the past year.  The employee smoking area below the window was somewhat noisy at night.  The casino being a 24-hour operation, there was always someone out there and I don't think they knew how well their voices carried. Upon checking out, I presented Ms. Irwin with the aforementioned tissue in a plastic bag and a list of things that just didn't seem right.  She said that I had stated I had wanted a nonsmoking king suite, implying it was my choice to take this second floor room.  I told her that I didn't think that room was often used for overnight guests, but received only minimal upkeep for hospitality functions.  She said that they could contact housekeeping and tell them they weren't cleaning well enough.  But she was clearly not going to do anything for me.  I think Ms. Irwin should have immediately contacted the manager.  I was somewhat frustrated and just walked out since there was a line of people behind me wanting to check out.  I somewhat expected a phone call within a couple of days of checking out, but I think "quick in  quick out" is the method of operation at many of these casinos.  Databases and frequent player cards have taken the place of customer service. Needless to say, this wasn't value for the money -- you can get a fairly nice room on the strip for $675 a weekend.  A clean room.  With a view.  Without a smoking area directly below your window.  But the Gary Allan concert was terrific and we learned an important lesson.
I do a lot of traveling for work and pleasure.  This hotel is the least customer service friendly place I have ever stayed in!  I will make sure that my company and friends find a better place to stay whenever visiting Vegas.  Please tell your employees they are not actually doing the guest any favors.  If guest stop coming here they (your employees) will be out of a job!  The front desk staff is especially horrible & that's your first experience!  Trust me it doesn't get any better.  There are other nicer, up to date inexpensive hotels to stay at in Vegas.  If you want a good experience DO NOT stay here!
1st time staying at Sunset Station despite visiting it many times over the years - family in the area. OK room but noisy adjacent room plumbing kept us awake all night -bit like staying in a cheap motel.Beware the Resort Amenity Fee aka hidden taxDoesnt matter if you use any "amenities" or not - the "fee "( $17 per day! ) is always added making a marginal value very much less so.Station Casinos must be feeling the pinch as their other more upscale properties (Green Valley Ranch and Red Rock ) have also instituted tricky "fees" , reduced service and lower payouts.We "Love Locals" too - we dont love being ripped off so this was definitely a first time last time stay.
Found a clump of long black hair on the bathroom floor, then found a black pubic hair in bed along with a blood stain that was not fully washed out of the sheet.I called to let the staff know about the problem at 2 pm and it was not fixed. After waiting an hour we finally just walked down to the front desk to let them know what was going on.Then after being promised it would get fixed it wasn't. I had to physically take the sheet to the front desk at 11 pm, and at that time I was called a liar and told that I only wanted comped and I could have gotten that sheet anywhere.I only wanted the bed fixed.Finally someone showed up with a clean sheet and I made the bed myself.Also, the property itself was dirty, toilet seats in casino bathrooms were rotting and staff unfriendly. Won't be returning or recommending.
It saddens me terribly right now to give such a low rating to this hotel, when the hotel was actually awesome. The rating is so low due to the customer service my friends and I received from the pit boss during Sunday morning (6213) blackjack session. My softball team and I all stayed at Sunset Station for a softball tourney that we had about 10 miles away. The price was right and we had a teammate who was a high roller at this casino. The food and service the restaurant was great, and the customer service in the gift shop was excellent as well. The problem arrived when 3 friends and I sat down early Sunday morning, money and drink in our hands to play $5 blackjack. The dealers Nana and Leissle were happy to have a change of pace and to play with 4 girls excited and eager not only to tip but to celebrate our winnings together. The cocktail waitresses also enjoyed our company. We sat at this tableFor at least 3 hours while the pit boss Ralph continued to tell us we were too loud!!!! As the 4th hour approached us, my friend and I hit a 3rd blackjack in a row betting a $25 hand and we all screamed in excitement. The PitBoss Ralph- then decided to kick myself and my friend out for being too loud! When I asked for a manager, they brought over a large security guard named Mark to escort us out. As we tried to reason with them, I kindly and cooperatively asked to speak with a manager. They denied me the rights to speak with a manager then Mark put his hands on me and told me he would call the cops. I then asked to speak to his manager. After two more security guards came over and our friends were in tears and we had all been denied the right to speak to a manager they denied us yet again and asked us  to fill out a comment card! Even one of the cocktail waitresses walked over to explain to the security guard that we were doing nothing wrong. The security guards then warned us they had called the police and they were on their way. We exited the casino immediately after that. I will never stay here again, nor will my team or anyone I know. I will be calling to speak with a manager and because I left my name and number I am expecting ad waiting for someone to call me!!! Worst customer service and Las Vegas and overall casino experience I have ever had. Be aware and do not stay there. The rooms are cheap, but at what cost!!! You have no rights, and no respect!!!!!
this is the worst casino i have ever been to in neveda, i was there on 64 1:30 pm playing craps after losing more than $65,000 i was very upset so i went to the bar to get intoxicated and ended up being kicked out, the security guards rushed me like abunch of ninjas and were very rude. they wouldnt even let me finish my beer
There is a person working at Village Pub that needs to be sacked immediately.Yesterday me and two friends joined a party of three other friends at Village Pub on Sunset sometime around 8.30pm. When we arrived and sat down in the bar to order some bar snacks and beers we were incredibly rudely advised to move to a table instead of sitting in the bar since we were not gambling. I could have understood this if there were a lack of machines, but there was NO ONE in the bar. Apart from us there were one other group of people in the whole place. We sat down at the table and got some food and drinks, trying to ignore the horrible bartender. We were chatting away and having a good time and laughing. This is NOT acceptable behavior at the Village Pub.Without any kind of warning the bartender took our food and drinks and threw us out for being "too loud".I still don't really understand what happened. We are all in our mid-thirties, we were sober and properly dressed.I wil never visit this Village Pub again (the one on Eastern is good, for example!) and I will make sure to tell everyone I know of what a horrible experience I had here. You, rather tall, dark-haired bartender, working on Sunday night the 16th of September 2012 - I hope that taking out your personal problems on your customers for no reason whatsoever will cause you to lose your job. You are a horrible person and should not work with people ever again.
I am a consulting engineer that frequently stays at the La Quinta near this pub.  The food is decent and the drinks weak.  This review would be considerably higher if the prices advertised on their happy hour menu were accurate.  I am constantly over charged at this place to accommodate the under charging of locals.  Not to mention the female bartender is constantly complaining to the locals about her life and ignoring the rest of the bar.   While this is going on the obviously over served locals begin to throw things at her that end up hitting me.  If this place was managed correctly it would be a decent establishment.
After a long day I decided to meet a friend at a casual establishment and since I recently opened a business in the neighborhood I thought it would be nice to meet our neighbors.   I never give bad reviews.... but this place does NOT want your business.  After being warned about our casual conversational speaking level, we kept quiet and proceeded to sit in the corner and speak at low levels about daily events and politics.  We were asked again to keep our conversation to a minimal.Apparently you cannot speak in this bar because it disrupts patrons.   This bar is a funeral procession.   I have never been treated so rudely for spending money.  Unless you are on your way to your death bed and hate noise or any conversation--- leave this place out.! People go here to die.
Hadn't been here for a while and decided to get some food to go.  Fish and chips was good.  Wings tasted like they had been cooked in old oil and the French Dip was horrible - the meat was as tough as shoe leather!  Will NOT eat here again!!
Well Thirstbusters has changed and it is now Casino Valle Verde.It's super smoky inside.It's filled with various slot machines and video poker (hence the casino name, right).Service is friendly enough and they will comp you drinks if you're playing at all.The only thing that ever enticed me to go  inside was that Thirstbusters had 100+ beers. Casino Valle Verde has like 5.
The service is terrible. The food is only decent. The only reason I could ever see coming back here would be for the beer, and quite frankly, I'd rather drive across town to the Tenaya Creek Brewery. I can say I won't be a return customer
I've been here twice. Well, actually one and a half times. The first time the service was ok, but the food was awful. We got the bacon wrapped shrimp and it was RAW. I can think of few things as terrifyingly bad as raw shrimp, wrapped in raw bacon. Can you But alas, I live two blocks away and thought, well we will give it another shot. My sister saw on the website that there were fried oreo sundaes. We said ok what the hell. So we went down, and sat. And sat. And sat. Finally we started debating whether we needed to walk up to the bar and get menus or leave or what, and someone came over. We ordered waters while we checked out the beer selection, and waited for her to return so we could ask some menu questions, like where were the oreo sundaes ont he menu She dropped the waters and left. And left. And left. And never returned. Finally we left as well and went to the village pub down the street. MUCH better. :) I tried to give this place a second chance. I WANT to like this place, I can walk there in two minutes from my apartment! It says they have five dollar dinners, but we never go tot ask about them cause there was no server. The wings on the menu were 7 dollars, but there was sign that said five dollar wings...at the pizza place. However the pizza place, restaurant and bar are all one entity so I dont understand where we go for that deal. Oh and the oreo sundaes are a lie. :(
Decided to try Barleys for dinner with my roommate the other night. The smell of old bacon wafting in the air outside should have given me a clue. And if it didn't, the sticky table, cold tea, and dirty menu should have. Or perhaps the staff who don't even know the food to help suggest something. They're probably smart enough to eat elsewhere. Did I leave at this point No. No, I did not. Why not Because clearly I'm an idiot. My roommate got orange roughy that I could smell from across the table. I got the salad bar and pretty much just ate the baked potato. It's really hard to screw that up. They have old ass pizza at the salad bar, in case you were wondering. Now my roommate and I just talk shit about it every day. Good times. The moral of the story is if you want a good meal, don't go to Barleys. If you need something new to make fun of, however, Barleys is your place.
Okay...met some friends today at Barleys to watch football. The food and beverage service was horrible. Our beverage server was slow, forgetful and doesn't understand the cycle of service. The casino porter cleaned up a beer that the server knocked onto the floor from our table right away but he nor she would clear dirty dishes from our table. We thought of just dropping the dishes on the floor...LOL. I am not sure that the pay as you go system was effective especially with how she executed it. The casino is missing revenue and the server is missing tips by such ineptitude.  We will be going elsewhere for week 3 of the season.
Yeah. They got rid of the $4.99 AYCE Salad Bar. Oh yes, it's still there, but now it's $7.99. No more discounts. And if I'm going to pay full price for a salad bar, I need a little more variety. It was fine at $5, not so much at $8.Considering that it was the primary redeeming factor about the place, that's a massive FAIL.
My girlfriend and I spent the better part of a month TRYING to be regulars at this place, which is an absurd concept in and of itself.We like cheap bar food on occasions, and the beers are quite great. We even brought a good number of our friends to try the place on different occasions, believing we'd stumbled on a fine, laid back experience. However, I've never encountered a more aggressively rude and unwelcoming wait staff. Every exchange was excruciating. Every minor request was met with a look of consternation followed by snail-paced service.I think all of the bartenders are great, but I can't stomach more than a single star for an establishment that made me feel like I was continually imposing on them for daring to spend money on their service.
I'm always at Smith's Grocery store in the same plaza and am always curious about this place, so when my parents were in town visiting, I suggested we check it out because it just looks HUGE from the parking lot and plaza.  Umm not the case. It's a really small casino, and you're lucky to get a machine. We went on a Wednesday night and found it difficult to find one. Stayed maybe 15 minutes and decided to head to Sunset Station. Won't be back.
Me and my wife stopped by the place because of a 20 dollar groupon that we bought because we were checking out that sweet theatre next door. So we went to there cafe. After being seated we were ignored for a good hour. Even trying to flag anyone down was impossible. The waiter just walked by us as if we weren't there. Finally a bus boy took our order. Salad bar was good. Then they messed up on my check and charged me full price on my card. Completely ignoring my groupon. I will never come here again. No wonder there so dead inside.
Stopped in here to try the brews and have some dinner. It took awhile for the waitress to come to take our order- not like there was a ton of people in the bar. I have to admit though,  the service was pretty good overall.The beer prices were really good ($5 for a pitcher). I ordered a pitcher of the hefeweizen which came with a cup of lemons. Good thing because my first sip was terrible. I had to put the lemon in to cut the taste. My husband ordered a pitcher of the amber. He left the pitcher half full on the table.The pretzel bites and pot stickers were pretty good. The ultimate grilled cheese would've been better with bacon or a more flavorful cheese. Just blah. My husbands burger looked as though the patty and cheese sat for a couple hours. The cheese literally looked like wax paper. All in all, not impressed. We won't be returning.
Stepping through the door is like going back in time and not in a good way! Waited nearly 10 min to be acknowledged by a server then when prompted she only knew one of the multiple specials on at the time. Also as a brewery I'd highly suggest training your staff on styles of beer. Dark is not an adequate description and all beers are not lagers. I'm sure the food menu hasn't changed since the doors first opened so we didn't have the guts to order what surely would be frozen food microwaved to half life.
So Bad I checked out 3 days early...This message should begin with a small disclaimer: I'm gay which entitles me to the be a drama queen at times.  With that said get ready for an academy award winning performance by yours truly.Where is the 0 stars b-t- dubs....  So this review is long overdue but I was letting the poison pen ferment to its fullest and wanted the noose I let them hang themselves as tight as it would go.  We are there finally! YaySo about 2 months ago I went to Las Vegas for the 2nd time this year.  It's one of my favorite spots in the country, even though I don't gamble.  I go for the shows and the sexy gay boys that never get to go out but work in a city they hate living in.   Anyway on this trip I decided an off the strip stay would do.  It was last minute planning and was mainly to hang out with 2 friends I have made out there from my numerous trips over the years.  One was turning 30.  I picked a hotel by their place so they could visit whenever they wanted.  I suppose I should have known better.  Upon check in I was greeted by a friendly woman and it all looked like it wouldn't be so bad.  I had done my research on this hotel and saw that they had 3 room options.  I opted for their suite (or so I thought).  I got up to my room to find a large(ish) room with a hot tub.  I had traveled from Boston on standby (buddy pass) and was miserable and just wanted to sleep since it was 12  am Vegas time. I decided to confront the issue in the morning.  I woke at 10 30 and made some coffee before venturing downstairs at about 11:30 am to discuss the issue.  I approached the desk knowing I needed to talk with the manager but giving a brief version to the man at the desk.  I wanted to be sure I wasn't accidently placed in the room I believed to be their "deluxe room" emphasis on room.  The gentleman got the manager who sashayed to the desk ready to fight.  I immediately thought of rupaul shantee you stay shashay away!  You better work!  I explained my story to her and let her know I saw 3 options on the site standard ROOM deluxe ROOM and a SUITE.  I then went to the reservation to find 2 choices a standard ROOM and a deluxe SUITE.  I assumed the deluxe was there to make the suite sound more exciting.  She explained that no the Deluxe suite is actually the deluxe room.  I told her that her website was deceptive and I wanted to either be moved to a suite for the rate that I was quoted online or I wanted to be refunded the difference for the room for the night before and moved to a standard room where I would spend the remainder of my trip.  She said their was nothing at all she could do for me.  I quickly corrected her and said a refund for the remainder of the trip would also solve the problem for the remainer of the stay because this poorly decorated excuse for a hotel would not see another penny of mine.  She honored this request and I checked out about 45 minutes later and made way to the marriott to use some rewards points.  I am not a hard person to make happy she could have given me a casino credit (please note I don't gamble) and I'd have been like hey at least she's making an effort to keep me happy.  But no this lady was not in the market of making me happy. Upon arriving home I decided to write a letter to management highlighting the details of the event and being sure to include reminders that you should keep customers happy because we are the reason they are in business.  I even threw in some fun facts about me like a hospitality industry from professional for almost 15 years with a degree from the top hospitality college in the country and my companion being a legacy airline flight attendant that flies to Vegas often as well.  I even let them know that I am understanding when it comes to having a bad day and would gladly accept an apology (fine this part was implied but I made sure it was implied). Well they've had over months and have run out of limbs to prevent the noose from tigthening.  This review, which I plan on posting in numerous sites is a warning to all that this casino does not know how to treat their guests and  to stay away.  Their management staff does not care about anything other than the dollars you put in their machines.  There are many options for resorts and hotels in the Vegas area.  The 130 I spent a room there could have got me a much nicer one at any of the strip hotels that were more than 3 years old but are still gorgeous.  I
Good food for a good price. But I made reservations online, paid for my room with a credit card, drive 400 miles...when I arrived they charged me a shit load of hidden fees, like 14 bucks for the shuttle to the airport, didn't need that. I paid for covered parking (hidden fee) I watched to valet park my car in the regular lot (uncovered). I get 15 channels in the room. The website said my room would have two king size beds and the front desk said there was no such thing, so I have queens. I had to pay for unlimited wifi and long distance phone calls. BTW I have watched my computer loading for a half an hour now. cold pool, no jacuzzi...they also charge for copy and fax even if ya don't need it. AND they are holding 100 from my card as a deposit. I will not stay here again. I will however visit, and eat perhaps. But this is ridiculous.Now it is 7 a.m. i tried to take my morning shower and there is no hot water in my hotel room.  called the front desk they said they already had someone on it.  they told me to run the water for 10 min and it should be hot...yea bullshit.  this is infuriating.  they wouldnt even allow us to use another rooms hot water.  f this place
This place is ghetto. The buffet is nasty. The Mexican restaurant is pretty good.  This plAce Is dirty and nasty. A lot of lowlifes hang out there. Expect to see thugs and pimps and prostitutes and drug dealers there. The staff is not friendly and the gaming sucks. The parking lot Is dangerous so be careful and hold your wallet and purse!!!
First time staying at this hotel. Ive stayed at most known hotels in vegas and decoded to try this out.  Resort fee is a ridiculous 13.00 right off the bat negating any money you may save on hotels.com or whatever.  Jeff at the front desk was helpful and courteous.  Came in here with kids and they give us 2 rooms. Go into rooms and one room is still a mess with last customers hair particles all over the bed and old condum wrapper.  Called front desk and they said they were sorry and comPuters were down so made error.   Give us another set of rooms and go up there and cable tv does not work in one room other room has 2 channels the rest are fuzzy.   At 1 am i wake up to room next door having tv on loud and then room across talking in the hall with maintenance worker yet voices amplify like crazy.  Rarely do i complain but i decided to call manager and complain.  Manager Joyce turns the conversation around as if im lying about the rooms. She says records dont show that i ever stayed up there. I said well i still have the keys woth room numbers on them.  Then she says she has to check with the house keeping manager because this cannot be.  So i told her in short since she didnt seem to care... Im not calling to get a refund.. Go ahead keep the money it will be the last of my money you ever get.  I called to let you know of my experience and that i am extremely unhappy.  Simple.  She said  ok ill let becky know.  Whomever Becky is.     I seriously believe the reviews that rave this place cant be all real.  So many bad things fall together is not likely.  Save your money and go to their sister hotel palace station if you must or else many other big names for around same price on hotel.com.
Rip off!  4 days after I check out a charge of 120 dollars shows up on my debit card.  I try to contact them to find out what It is and they don;t get back to me.  When I keep calling I finally get through.   The first person says I took 2 pillows and that they are 60 dollars each. I tell her I didnt take any pillows and I want to speak to her manager.  Of course the manager never returns my call.  When I do get in touch this one tells me a took 1 decorative pillow.  Please get your lies straight.   How many others have been charged these frivolous charges  Ive contacted the attorney general and am filing a police report today.   BE WARNED!
We went inside the theater and when we gave our tickets to the gal inside, she said she had to check my bag. I unzipped my purse and she searched for I don't know what...probably for a bottle of water or snacks brought from home Or maybe a gun  She never said why she had to search.  Anyway, that didn't feel good at all. Sams Town Casino's theater DOES NOT do that!  If it WAS a weapons check, why only my bag and not the guys Guns are brought in not only in bags but also hidden under men's shirts. So I don't think it was a weapons search. I really suspect that they were checking for anything brought in from home to snack on or drink (such as bottled water or soda).  After what happened and also the higher prices, we decided that this would be the last time we went to the Boulder Station's theater.
We came here to gamble...the easiest type of money a casino can get and low and behold had the worst experience of our lives. The casino was small with 3 security guards walking the place. We sat down to gamble and both my gf and I were IDed which was fine.. It took us a while to find our ID's so more security came over and when they saw them they apologized, radioed their folks and walked away. That part did not bug me. We were then ID'ed another 2 times within the next 30 minutes. Unacceptable keep in mind we are in our 30's and well old enough to gamble. This is the first time both my gf and I got up and left and vowed NEVER EVER EVER return to this place.
We stayed here for 4 nights when we went out to visit our family in Henderson for my son's first birthday. The room we stayed in (with a baby) was right by the elevator and extremely loud, they knew we had a baby with us when we booked our room. Every night there was some type of dysfunctional argument in the hallway. The room was NOT cleaned well at all. The sheets (thankfully) were clean, but that was it. The bath tub looked like someone rinsed it out and didn't scrub it, the bathroom floor was dirty and I found pubic hair in one of our towels. I couldn't tell if the shower curtain was supposed to be white or not (in a non smoking room). It was SO dusty you could see it on the tabletops and TV, and the air filter in the AC probably hadn't been changed in years. No ammenities (even for what we paid, and it wasn't cheap on the weekend). No coffee pot, no mini bar, hardly any TV channels, and the Wi-Fi was so expensive I answered my work e-mails on my phone instead. For a "newly renovated" room, it was disgusting and disappointing. ALL of us got sick with sinus infections from all the dust in the room.  If I had known it was going to be that bad, I would have paid the extra money to stay at Green Valley Ranch. The only saving grace was the Havana Lounge across from the hotel check in is very relaxing and makes good drinks. I wouldn't get the .99 margaritas at the bar though either, they are on tap and syrupy, over sweet, and made from cheap tequila and made me feel awful after one. I had to have a top shelf liquor and a snack before the sugar wore off. I will NEVER go back, even though they offered us a Comped room.
We would not recommend to anyone, it was cheap and you get what you pay for. The wind was howling in the hallways so loud we could not sleep, we stayed there because our AC was out, we just wanted some sleep and they failed at providing a quiet space. We also requested a coffee pot twice, we checked out and went home, the coffee pot never arrived.
I travel to Vegas regularly for work. I've developed a taste for smaller locals casinos off the strip because it allows me to focus on work and save some money. I stayed here a couple months ago for 2 nights and won't be going back because I had a bad experience at the buffet.One morning, prior to the buffet opening we stood in line. There were two long lines each going out either side. There was a handicap sign on the side that I was standing in but nobody standing in line was handicapped, and I asked the people behind me if I was in the wrong line. They were tourists, and were just as unsure as I was.After about 20-25 minutes in line I get to the front and the (heavy set black) lady says the line is for VIP and disabled people only. She refused to let me pay and said we had to go to the back of the other line.We walk away to the other line and wait expecting to see the middle aged (white) couple be sent back to this line too. But surprisingly I don't see them making the same trek that I did.Now I'm furious and I walk up and I call her out on it. I say hey, why did you send us to the back of the line but let the other couple goShe claimed they had a disabled veterans card unaware that I had chatted with them in line, and discovered that they were tourists from Utah, and they too did not know which line to stand in.I walked away appalled and pissed off. This was absolutely the worst experience I've ever had in Vegas. It's been a couple months but that experience still lingers.I regret not going  to her manager that same morning and filing a complaint. We ended up not eating there as it was a work morning and we were now running late. We got food to go at the cafe that took a while next door and of course they forgot to add stuff to our order as well.Would I recommend this place Eek! Methinks not.
Not the normal place I'd go. The smell of old smoke and the feel of grime everywhere has made this a place I won't be returning to. My friend loves this place because she's been able to meet a lot of people. I will say on the bright side and probably the only bright side was that the people here were very nice.
Fare thee well Jerry.  After 24 years and my last dining experience at the coffee shop my family and I bid you a fond farewell.  What is going on in this restaurant  Waited over an hour to be seated in a half empty restaurant.  Problem  The cooks were backed up  Really  Staffing issues were the next guess.  Ok.  Ordered appetizer, a reuben sandwich, and a dinner special (fish)  and chicken fingers.  Appetizer never came.  Dinner arrived 40 minutes after ordering.  Sandwich inedible.  Mystery meat dark purple and crunchy   Fish,  completely tasteless on 2 slices of tomato instead of the bed of spinach as stated. When I told the manager the fish was frozen (that was THE only flavor) he argued with me and said it was "ice packed" not frozen.  I sit corrected.  The manager tried to make things right but we had no appetite and were not interested in waiting another 40 minutes.  After noticing a subtle decline the past few years. this is the end for me.  Very sad.  I have very fond memories of this place.  MANAGEMENT..... fresh food please, stop with the frozen crap.and SEASON the food as described.
I had an appointment with her, and less than an hour of my appointment, she calls me and cancels. She said that it was a family issue, which I could understand. The bad part about it was that she didn't even apologize! It's been over two weeks now, and I heard nothing from her. With customer service like that, you might as well kiss your business goodbye sooner or later if you treat people like that!
DO NOT go to this establishment.  Several of us purchased a spa treatment via Groupon.  The reservation were made for 1192014.  The entire group from 6 different states went in on Sunday.  The owner stated that the reservation was actually for 117 - not true.  The owner stated that they couldn't confirm because a red star was placed over one of the phone numbers.  Righttttt.  No refund was offered.  This is NOT a wise investment.  Look elsewhere and don't deal with this lack of service or business sense.
Sorry folks, but this place is terrible.  I had heard my friends raving about it for awhile, but finally had the, uh, "opportunity" to try it out myself.When I first walked in, I noticed it was just $9 for a big bowl, far cheaper than what I'm used to paying at Genghis Grill.  Sounds good, rightWell, when I got to the food selections, I noticed a few things.  First, the meat was frozen. Second, there are only four meat options (frozen chicken, frozen beef, frozen turkey, and frozen pork).  Third, the vegetable selection is limited.  You'll have your lettuce, carrots, cabbage, tomatoes, onions, mushrooms, noodles, tofu, and bean sprouts, but there's not much more.  No eggs, baby corn, or anything else that might be interesting.  Oh, and no dry seasonings.The sauces were encouraging.  I liked the idea of mixing and matching the different components.  After I tasted my food, however, backtracked on the sauce.  My bowl was quite soupy, but very bland.  The sauces have almost no flavor whatsoever.  Now I know why they provide that hot mustard... You need it if you want to actually taste something.The portions were great, but I didn't even finish mine because it was just a bland, soupy mess of frozen garbage.  I think I'll spend the few extra bucks on Genghis.
Visiting Tempe on work, I was excited to see a Mongolian BBQ, as California doesnt seem to have good quality mongolian places. I walked in and ordered a huge bowl - seemed like a good price at $11.50 for a bowl, drink, and rice. Food was great and cooked well.The fun thing started when I checked my credit card that I was charged $29 instead of $11.50. Interestingly, I remembered that the lady who charged me at the hostess desk didnt even offer me my receipt. A few days later, I called the manager and let him know. He took down my name, address and how much I was overbilled, and told me that he would send me a check in the mail and call me when he did so. Two weeks, and I am yet to hear from him.Most of all - no apology for screwing a customer and over billing him.  Needless to say, I am never going back when I am back in town for business. I have also let our team of 500 employees in the building next door about this issue. I am guessing a lot of folks are interested in never going back.
Gross. Filthy. In dire need of remodel. All utensils, dining surfaces, fixtures, trays, etc are in need of replacement.  The ignorant, un-enthused staff member did not fully explain the choices available as she handed us dingy steel bowls, and charged about $12.00 a person for them. . I also was WAY NOT COOL with what seemed like gallons of water being added to my meal as it was cooked on the grill, ultimately creating a disgusting soupy mess of a dinner. I was not interested in finishing my meal, and HAD TO PAY OUT OF POCKET FOR A TO-GO CONTAINER AND A BAG. Finally, when it comes to the soup... Do not, for your life, eat this trash. It's days old meats and veggie bits... So rancid. So gross. If you look at my other reviews, I tend to focus on the positive aspects of my dining experiences, but unfortunately the negatives at YC's Mongolian Grill were many. I highly suggest NOT eating here.
I went last night at 8:30pm and the doors were CLOSED! I just wanted food to go:( why couldn't they attended me! That's a waste of business, closing a half an hour before actual closing time Really guys I had to go to subway, I guess it's good business for subway:p  Maybe complaining to the manager might be good, I LOVE THIS PLACE, but why close at 8:30pm when the sign says 9:00pm The food is great and all I've been coming here for the past 2years, but my one star goes to closing WAAAYYYYYY to early.  What a disappointment!What's the point of going after work for dinner if it closes WAY before closing time:(Thanks for not wanting to attend me, I'll be choosing other places to eat.It would of been 5 stars:(
I have been to a buffet like this before, but I will never go to this particular one again. The food all looked fresh as we went through the food line selecting our favorites and stacking our bowl to the sky. We selected our sauces and turned it over to the grill. The cook doused our dishes with water, quickly cooked the ingredients, and returned them in a new bowl. There is a selection of crispy wonton bits, rice and soups for you to add to your tray at no cost. I selected no rice as they were all old and burnt to the pan. I chose the hot and sour soup because it is ma favorite. Free-range and refills on beverages. Sat down to eat, was not impressed. I could not muster to try a second spoon of the soup as it was absolutely disgusting. The bowl of ingredients were all bland, perhaps from the overuse of water at grilling, and I am almost certain the tofu had gone bad, The slivers of meat that my husband had selected tasted fowl as well. We obviously did not get to far into our meal before leaving. Had we not already paid there would have been several complaints from me, and changes in selections. We could have taken the left overs home, but opted to leave them instead. Suffice to say, I do NOT recommend.
down grading to a one star due to the fact that I have had a few people email me on here letting me know they too have gotten sick from this place! Eat at your own risk! Don't say I didn't warn you
Probably one of the worst tasting food places I have ever had. I am use to BD's so I knew the routine already and since I was new to this particular Mongolian place, I decided to go with the sauce called "Chef's special." I loaded my bowl up with steak and chicken with a lot of veggies. Picked a few seasonings I use at home and at other places. The sauce bowl was huge which made me think they weren't flavorful if you needed 12 ladles in order to make the good good. The meat was very tough, the taste of the completed dish tasted old, freezer burned, bland, and generic. I was I pleased with the food, but the service was decent considering they don't spend much time interacting with their customers. Waste of money. ***edited a few hours laterA business owner saw this review and was very professional, I will give it another chance bc of the great customer service after my experience, that's how successful business's operate.
First off I thought I had already review Lai Lai but I guess not. Had I reviewed it I would have given it a solid 3.Now I want to give it a zero. I don't know what happened but the Mongolian BBQ no longer exists. The hubs and I went in there this past Friday and it was all ripped out. They tried to get us to stay to order off the menu, which was just Chinese food...I reallllly wanted Mongolian BBQ. So sad. They are right down the street from us. No more Lai Lai for me.
I was so very disappointed. My experience with mongolian bbq has always been great - lots of fresh choices, cooked and chopped on a sizzling griddle, then piled high, piping hot in a bowl.YC's was the antithesis of this experience. Old, bland ingredients, limited choices, no broad array of sauces and spices to spruce up your bowl with. I couldn't even bring myself to finish one bowl.To make matters worse, the place has all the atmosphere of a warehouse.
Absolutely one of the worst mongolian bbq's I have ever had. The night I stopped in for take out.. I proceeded thru the fix ur bowl line as per normal, but to discover this frozen weird looking assortment of meat No shrimp... I opted for the cod. I was happy with the veggie assortment and I made the 'spicy sauce' recipe as the sign indicated. I thought $8.50 for a take out box that wasn't full was a bit pricey . When I finally got it home, I couldn't finish it, it was that awful. Guess I will drive across town to my fav mongolian bbq in Tempe the next time I get the urge for that!
Me and my coworkers thought that this was a YC's location.... as it was not!!!! Presentation to me sells everything and this placed looked like a 80's retro theme on accident!!!!
First and last time coming here! The food wasn't great but what really turned me off was that they refused to sell takeout boxes to the rest of the people at our table after a couple of people from our party of 12 decided to purchase another bowl. Not cool. We felt accused of trying to rip them off. They even had a 12 year old (daughter of owner) watch to make sure those few people ate their food. Seriously I felt so uncomfortable. How are they still in business
The beef my husband had smelled B A D
Honestly this is one of the worst food dining experiences I have ever had. First off the place was completely empty and the cashier was like the 12-year-old daughter of whoever now owns this place. The second that I paid and saw what food that they had laying out on the line, I wanted to get my money back but was too embarrassed to ask the little girl. I looked so horrified that the little girl came over and tried to explain to me what to do because they thought I was confused. All the meat is in dried up looking shriveled curls it all looks the same color and the same texture I honestly wasn't even sure if it was the actual meat that they had it labeled as. All the sauces look really really runny and watered-down and the vegetables looked really old. All I ate there was crunchy rice and soy sauce. I would not recommend this place to anyone ever. There's no chance I will ever be back.
Guess it's not my thing.I've  been to Mongolian barbecues in the past and the food has been okay to good , however Aj's Mongolian Grill falls short of being good or even okay.The meats appear to be frozen and when cooked have a tendency to lack taste and are some what  grainy,  the noodles were gummy and I hate to repeat myself  but they to were flavorless.  The veggies are also frozen which causes the veggies to  lose a lot of their flavor when cooked. I realized after tasting my meal that I should have drenched my dish in sauce in order to get some semblance of flavor Even the ice cream for dessert lacks luster.  No toppings, just soft serve vanilla ice cream.  However, if you wanted crushed nuts to top your ice cream there  was a peanut dispenser that cost 25 cents. If you decide you want to take your meal home that will cost you 75 cents for a carry out container. To be honest the only thing that was good was the fountain drinks.   Maybe Mongolian grills are not my thing.
A new experience, in the end it was nasty, sauces were bland, and had massive diarrhea after wards. RATING: GARBAGE!
Ate at this restaurant Saturday november 14 and had my leftovers on Sunday november 15. Tuesday morning I woke up violently ill and could not hold in food or fluids all day tuesday. Went to the urgent care tuesday evening and they promptly sent me to the ER to be treated for severe dehydration caused by "probably a food borne bacteria." I just finished my three day antibiotic course and am feeling much better, but now that I have had time to look at the facts and speak with the Maricopa County Department of Health, I can confidently say that my horrific three days of food poisoning were undoubtedly caused by YC's Mongolian Grill.The fact that I was told someone else got a case of E.Coli with bloody stools just about a week before my poisoning really shored it up for me. YC's is apparently serving tainted or contaminated food. I would not recommend eating at this establishment. I must also make it clear that my noodles which I took home were transported from the restaurant to my refrigerator (20 minutes) and kept in the refrigerator until they were microwaved and consumed.
This place is so disappointing. $10.50 while you make it and a cool cooks it for you Totally not worth the money. Very bland tasting and highly overpriced. They charged 50 cents for a takeout box What is that
This is why you shouldn't eat mall food. Upon being seated, we were given metal bowls and were instructed to put our ingredients in these bowl. Choose your meats, veggies and sauce and hand it off the to dudes around the grill. Simple concept but I wished the ingredients were more fresh. The entire restaurant was sticky. From their laminated menus to tables to the floor to the soy sauce bottles. No wonder they gave you wet wipes. You needed to sanitize your entire space before you ate.My food was delivered to my table and just what I expected, junk. While I had a lot of control what goes in my food, for a first-timer, how the hell would I know what the sauces taste like They did have $1 mimosas during their happy hour. That was probably  the best part but the food was nothing more than a mish-mosh of crap.
AWFUL!!!  I was so excited today to go to Genghis Grill because I love DIY stirfry places; especially YC's!!!  I was so disapointed and disgusted by this place.  Reasons why this place did me wrong:- The try to make it too full-service restuaranty; not quick service like I want for my short lunch break-Thick, syrupy sauces full of sugar and carbs and fat as my ONLY choice for sauces. YUCK.  When I eat at a mongolian stirfry place I want something fresh and healthy.  NEWS FLASH to people who think they are eating healthy here: You just killed it with the sauces!-Very busy and very slow to get your food-Small bowls, nothing to use to compress your food to add more-Also I saw someone mention how "Genghis Grill doesn't make you pay for your to-go boxes like yc's"  I had to pay 9.99 for mine to-go.  $1 more than the normal price for staying there to eat.Positive:-fresher meat and more variety of proteinsI will NEVER go back
This is in response to the condescending owner of Genghis Grill.  Unfortunely for you, I'm a bit more educated than your average diner.  I am a registered dietitian and I am smart enough to know the your comments on my initial review are misleading to your other customers.  First off, I have a 30 minute lunch break therefore I dont have time to drive to your restaurant and sit there for 45 minutes.  But I understand many people have 1 hour lunch breaks and they may have time for your restaurant.  This is why I chose YC's because I can get in and out of there on my time schedule.Your goober sauces are more unhealthy than most sauces with the consistancy of water.  The only way sauces get that thick consistency is being made with excessive sugar andor fat just like BBQ sauce and mayo.  Anyone who knows anything about nutrition and asian dishes should know that "Kung Pao" sauce is one of the most calorically dense sauces.  This goes for any asian restaurant not just YC's- along with other thick sauces like General Tso and Sweet & Sour.  I could really care less about these YC's recipes considering I always make my own as many people do.   I do not want a place that pre-makes the sauces for me.Your comparison is clearly ridiculous considering the portion size you are comparing must be dramatically different.  YC's does not specify a serving size.  Neither do you!  Genghis Grill Serving Size = 0.5 ,1, or 2.  What does this mean g oz tsp tbs cup  Not exactly what I'd call legitimate.   YC's charges .50 cents for a take-out box not $1.  I was charged 9.99 for lunch on a weekday for a to-go order.  So if your lunch is supposed to cost 8.99 well then you do the math.You only solidified my decision to NEVER GO BACK with your rude response.  I have only ever rated a restaurant with 1 star twice.  I usually rate generously.  My initial review was my honest opinion.  I had nothing against Genhis Grill- it just wasn't for me.  Now that you have responded this way- I will now go to the extent to letting friends and coworkers about the situation.  I'm sure you will stay busy but I will not be visiting again.
I saw this place and with all the excitement do to it having a happy hour and great atmosphere I too was excited to try it.  We saw a cheaper Japanese style rest. next door.  Due to the loud ambiance from Genghis we decided to try it.  I am sorry we did.  The flavor of the food was terrible and I ended up with a stomach ache later that night.  I took most the food home and offered it up to my kids and friends but after one bite no one wanted more.  Ended up throwing it away.We decided to try their next door neighbor the next week we went to Tempe Market Place.  Wow, I was so impressed with the food there.  The night staff were great too.  So I suggest to anyone interested in some quality Japanese food, keep walking past Genghis and go next door.
Service is not good. The food tastes flat. The ambiance is somewhere between a sports bar, a mongolian BBQ and a cheap chinese restaurant. The drinks are not good and prepared by non-professional barmen and barwomen. I had to ask for the bowls to be replaced because they were dirty and the waitress didn't see anything wrong!!! For the same money I can have better food across the street at Pei-Wei.
Last Friday night my husband and I were able to try this place.  We say we want to eat there every time we go to the movies.  Well unfortunately,  IT WAS AWFUL...The counter where you make your meal was disgustingly dirty, my rice was watery and when I got my meal it looked like a bowl of mush....something you would feed a bunch of chickens. I had chosen a ton of veggies and fish,  well they destroyed it during the cooking process.  It looked awful and it tasted worse. I also spent the later part of my evening in the bathroom!  (not just me, hubby too) Never again will I eat at Genghis Grill...I actually thought about calling my bank and disputing the charge. This place is nothing short a high end really bad Chinese food restaurant, you know the  ind where you are eating and you know you will regret it later!!!!    YUCK YUCK YUCK...NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!!!!
They have the raw meat placed before the veggies so the patrons use the veggie tongs to fill their bowls containing raw meat and then the tongs go back into the veggies.  This creates a disgusting cesspool of bacteria on the veggies.  I'm shocked someone hasn't died from dining here.
I've tried so many of the local Mongolian BBQ places, and though this is the best of the bunch, that's not saying much.  BDs that was in Tempe back awhile ago was the only one I'd go to regularly.  The food choices here are decent, but the service sucks, it smells like urine and BO covered by pine-sol, and they cram too many tables in for it to be pleasant.  The floor literally pulled my shoe off of my foot it was so sticky.  Gross.
Usually I would give this place 5 stars but tonight I was pretty disappointed with the service. I have gone on Friday nights when it is super busy and I still get 5 star service. Me and my friend went tonight July 15 2013 because she wanted to use her coupon for a free birthday bowl. when we arrived we waited at the front for the hostess to seat us for 10 mins then my friend just grabbed two bowls and napkins herself then we sat ourselves at a table. usually this isn't a big deal but the fact that we waited for 10 mins is ridiculous because it wasn't busy. you would think on a night that it was slow it would have been a good night to go but i guess we were wrong. then when we tried to use my friends free bowl coupon the server told us that it had already been used even though she showed the server that she just got a email reminder that she needed to use the coupon before it expired on the 26th. I understand when you put a code in and it doesn't work but the fact that the server seemed to get a little rude with us was uncalled for. we weren't being rude to her we were just curious to why it wasn't working. and the fact that there was no onsite manager there was stupid. i just wanted to bring it to someones attention that the hostess was nowhere to be found when we tried to get a table and i'm sorry if you don't want to do your job then why are you working there when there are plenty of people out there that would be able to do you job with a smile on your face. I just have to say i'm really disappointed with the crew that was there tonight it seemed like there were problems all night while we were there especially with the hostess. very unorganized. so if your trying to go there on a Monday night because it's not that busy I would say don't because you will get better service on the weekends. I will not be going back there anytime soon.
Blah and yuck! Basically a buffet.
Had a horrible experience there last night. When we arrived at 6:30, we were told they were running out of beef, chicken, and sausage. Since we only planned to have a bowl each, it was fine for us. We had never been there for dinner so didn't know that you had to do the all you can eat option for dinner since our waitress took our menus away within a minute of sitting down, not even asking if we were going to order off the menu. When we got to the ingredient area, we noticed there was no seafood either. The sauces we wanted to use were all gone. Then near the end, after finding out it was all you can only, our waitress started clearing our table and took our bowls away and the tortillas without asking if we were finished. When I mentioned we weren't done, she apologized along with an excuse for why she did it, assuming we were done. After about 5 minutes, she told us tortillas were out so plan accordingly. When I wanted to speak to a manager he was not available (out buying tortillas). Basically we paid $40 for 3 bowls of crap. Waitress did apologize that they didn't have anything that night and offered another excuse of why that was the case. Tip - never apologize and follow it up with an excuse. Used to love going here in my university days but will never return again.
I was really looking forward to eating here, but the experience completely disappointed me. Although the selection was good I found the food quality and taste poor, service was questionable and the "ambiance" was cafeteria-esque. Rod
Filthy, to start. The floor was beyond disgusting. Broth was like recycled dishwater, and the fish was not fresh. The rest was tasteless. Sauces were bad...I can't believe that even the hoisin was gross...I did not know that was possible. Dessert was canned fruit which was the highlight. Second worse meal of my life, worst in Montreal. My boyfriend and I left nauseous and it cost $45 for the two of us. STAY AWAY!
Terrible! It was the nastiest meal I've ever eaten! All the food there was frozen.  The broth smelled off. Avoid this place like the plague.
I only go here because my mom likes this restaurant, but honestly I think it lacks in quality. I went with my mom and boyfriend 2 weeks ago and the mushrooms had dirt on it. It looked like those mushrooms have never been washed...at all.  Also the cauliflower had black mold on it. It's pretty disgusting. I don't understand why they even decided to put those out there on the rack of "fresh" food to put in your hot pot. Did they even bother checkingI have nothing else to say except to add that the waiters look like they are very unhappy to work there.  I really highly recommend those who want to try (if you really have to)  the hot pot to eat with caution. And for the rest of you who want to just eat hot pot, avoid this restaurant at all costs. They do not take hygiene or safety measures in mind.
Bad customer service and also food wasnt fresh. Also try tonorder some stuff in the menu but they didnt have....
Waiter was rude and did not bring all the foods and got irritated when asked again.  The restaurant seems to be managed by a bunch of university students with limited restaurant experiences.  Gratuities of 15% included already in the bill, like they deserve it.
Now granted I'm opposed to the idea of Mongolian grills in the first place for the usual reasons, but at least with Flat Top nothing is frozen, it's nice inside, and if you go up a few times it's a good deal (well, for lunch at least). The whole ambiance of HuHot just felt trashy.
Never again...I guess they don't have much in the way of Mongolian bbq in Madison but this was a poor excuse for it at best...the meat didn't look fresh...the bar area was not well maintained...food was everywhere...the sauce area was a disaster...the offer you rice and soup to go with your dinner and the rice isn't cooked properly...and the soup was a sad excuse for hot and sour...YUCK!!!Once and only once...never again HuHot
Won't be dining here again.  The meant is like flash frozen, and once it's cooked it's like trying to chew rubber.  The only thing really selling this place is that it's all-you-can-eat.  I'd rather go to Flat Top, same dining experience (mongolian grill) better ingredients, better food.  I'd rather get full on good food, than fill myself with bad.
NOT FOR VEGETARIANS!!! I have been eating at Ho Hot for several years now. As a vegetarian I liked that they had a lot of veggies and tofu available and they would ask if we were vegetarian. When we said yes the server told us to make sure to tell the grill people and they would clean it and use different utensils. The other day we went their and I noticed their menu had changed so I glanced over it. I noticed that each sauce was now marked if it was vegetarian. Only 2 sauces were marked out of the 20 or so they have to choose from. What's worse is that none were marked before so I had assumed they all were and had been eating them in the past. Now I feel lied to and ill. And really only 2 sauces! I WONT BE BACK AND I AM NOT HAPPY!!
If you go there, I suggest skipping on the fish. I chose to put crab and pollock in my stir fry and have never been more sick. Ate my meal at about 6:30, had an uneasy stomach for the rest of the evening, woke up at 4:30 in the morning with horrible stomach pain and nausea. That was the only meal of the day to cause me to feel that way. Horribly disappointed as the service was otherwise great, minus being a little slow but that was because of the dinner rush. Will not be returning as I have no desire to risk repeating that experience again, which is a shame because I really wanted those cheesecake rangoons...
Wow. I forgot I ate here for a friend's birthday party once because Flat Top was busy - its that memorable. The bartender didn't know how to make certain standard drinks and they didn't have a drink menu. The wait staff was ok. When you walked up to pick your items for stir-fry, it felt like you were picking things from a trough. The cooks looked miserable - the way it was set up reminded me of a pirate movie where they are chained to a circular pole and had to walk around in circles, and the floor was disgusting and they had to push all the water off the floor to the drain - yucko. The saucecondiment area at the end of the line was a bit confusing. Overall, the food didn't taste like anything. It was pretty tasteless - usually tofu picks up something from the sauce, but not here. I would have been better off just grabbing a bowl of uncooked tofu and seasoning it with the soy sauce. The table next to us were a bunch of chicks and one of them even pulled down her pants to show off her thong. Terrible dinner and a worse free show I love (not - its sad really because this place is soooo far from Asian food - it's like the Taco Bell of stir-fry) that they have the stereotypical Asian guy with a Fu Manchu beard as their mascot.
I ate here just once, and that will probably be my only visit. I was looking for a low-priced, quick meal, and HuHot was the answer. Unfortunately, the cleanliness (or lack thereof) of the restaurant as well as the chatty gang of bored wait staff next to my booth during my visit were both such turnoffs that I don't want to return for a second visit.My husband and I sat at a booth near the bar, and when sitting down, I smelled something like dirty socks. I don't know if old food was rotting in tiny cracks in the seat, or if bacteria over time in the carpeting underneath the booth caused the smell, or if the smell was generating from something else. Whatever it was, the smell was one that should not be inside of a restaurant. The bathrooms smelled a little like sewage. The handles on some of the utensils at the buffet were sticky. Overall, the place just was not clean. (I'm turning my nose up as I'm typing this!)Our server was fine. She was friendly and attentive. But why did the rest of the HuHot wait staff sit around and chit-chat in the bar area during the 45+ minutes that I was there I understand that I was dining at an off time (3pm), but I still feel that the wait staff ganging together and "hanging out" in front of customers is very unprofessional.All in all, my experience at HuHot unfortunately was not positive, and I am not planning on going back.
A while back my Mom bought some donuts from here and they were really stale by the next day.  She called and mentioned something about it to them and they didn't even seem to care.  I like to try and support local business but with an attitude like they showed I have no use for them.  Doesn't seem to be any real set hours so you never know when they will be open.
Too expensive for what it is.  I had the ham and cheese flat this morning and it was the worst breakfast sandwich I have ever had in my whole entire life!!!  The ham was just awful and there was way too much cheese. I will certainly never go back for a breakfast sandwich.
im so disappointed with my last visit here! i always come here and get their hot chocolate because it was gooooood and taste very hot-chocolatey. but yesterday, my hot chocolate just taste like WATER. so bland, and not hot at all! i have to add lots of sugar and creamer to make it at least have some flavor. Erg! SO DISAPPOINTED!  and they raised the price again. !!!!!!!!!!!!! did you guys noticed that
they really need to work on their customer service. i mean srsly! the indian girl who works here is so annoying!!! ( i think you guys all know who im talking about!!!)  i wonder if she ever smile! she looks pissed all the time, and impatient. i ordered a ice cream cup from here and ask if she could put it in a bag for me. later on when i open the bag i found out it was put up side down!!!!!!!!!!! wtf r u freaking kidding me how do u expect me to eat it like that the ice cream was melting and was leaking everywhere. 6 bucks goes to waste.
There donuts are good but the nastiest coffee ever!! I threw up!! I ordered an iced coffee. THe girl ask if I wanted flavor and milk I said sure thinking I was going to put in my own milk and get a regular shot of flavor, but all I got was iced milk that was super sweet I don't even think there was coffee in it. I don't drink milk the only time I ever use it is in coffee. Learn how to make drinks $2.50 for undrinkable coffee I am super pissed I guess I should of drank some before I left. This was the 7th street location boo boo boo boo
Not the Dunkin Donuts that everyone remembers.Two tiny shelves of stale donuts...I guess when the grocer is selling your way overpriced coffee like gangbusters, you can forget what got you there in the first place.
Having a tough time this morning DunkinI ordered a Large mocha and an glazed donut.I received a medium coffee with cream and sugar.It was at 11:00pm and I was the only car in the line.I don't feel the need to say anything else...:)
I like dunkin'  but the service sucks ..  The cashier was rude but I would be too if I had that job. She messed up on our order didn't go back to change it because it would've been a waste of time she probably would've messed up on that as well. Just left dunkin' 20min ago!
Got in line with my daughter when we observed the lady in front of us returning a few donuts. Expecting the donuts to go in the trash per food regulation, I walked out after seeing them being placed back with the other donuts to be sold (again).
I found a thin rope in my donut!!! Not very clean, I would say!
I'm writing this regarding their post-redesign. I'm not sure they kept the same staff from before, but with this economy, I'm sure they can get better workers. I went in one Sunday morning to grab a quick breakfast for my husband and me. The line wasn't long, but it was SLOW! They had about 8 people working behind a small counter which only created chaos. When I did finally get to order my food, I ordered 2 vanilla coffees. I got my 2 sandwiches and 1 coffee. As the guy handed me my coffee, he announced to the world that he was "going on break now" and set my other coffee cup down and walked away. As he was about to cross the counter I asked what he did with my other coffee. His reply was "uh, I don't know, its my break time". Seriously I polietly said it wasn't breaktime until I got my coffee. My husband and inlaws went in not too long afterwards and got about the same service. They were sitting inside at a table and one of the workers came in with his motorcycle gear on and sat his helmet down on THEIR table and then proceeded to change into his DD shirt. They said it was a mess. Even worse , the franchise owner was there that same day and let all this happen. The coffee is good, but I'm also paying for the service.
No more Coolatta. The Coolatta machine is broken. At all locations, apparently. Why the (*bleep*) are you still selling Coolatta if the machine's broken Does corporate office know they're scamming customers Horrible customer service.
Oh for the days when the funny guy with the mustache was making the donuts fresh for us! I had an issue with this location limiting the menu selection on a prepaid discount offer, I contacted the corporate office and was reminded that their locations are all franchised. So, FYI there is a much better run franchise 12 mile west on Bell!
After going there every week since it reopened I was treated like dirt last week.  After being treated so poorly we were on our way and opened the bag to find an order that was wrong..... AGAIN!!!!
Stale donuts after 4 pm. This is the third time we have gone to this location after 4 pm. Happy a new location south of this one has opened on Tatum and G'way. The least the owner can do is offer donuts at half price after a particular time. Last time for this customer.
Went there after hearing about the Arizona Cardinals promotion, if the Cards won, you get a free medium coffee the day after the game.  Well, I went, didn't know about the app for the smart phone.  Was told that I need the app and the phone wasn't with me.   Didn't get the coffee, walked away unhappy.
I was excited about trying Dunkin' Donuts for the first time during my AZ stay. That is, until I brought an iced coffee and a dozen home for my family, and there was a spider on one of the glazed donuts. Not just chillin' there on it, but actually GLAZED ONTO it. A poor, defenseless spider frozen in time by sugary, sticky icing. I told this particular Dunkin' Donuts, and they said they were sorry. That's it. They were sorry and they were going to pull those glazed donuts off the shelves for the rest of the day. I didn't even like donuts that much to begin with, but I'll probably never eat one again. Wow. Thank you so much, DD!
What doughnut store has no doughnuts Dunkin Donuts, that's who... Four times I've visited this particular store and each time - usually after 3pm - nearly all their donuts were sold out. I get that they get lots of business early in the day, but they are also a doughnut store and shouldn't matter what time of day I visit. This would be like going to Dairy Queen for ice cream only to discover they had none. What Dunkin always seems to have is their piss-water flavored coffee, problem with that is they are not a coffee shop, if they want to be a coffee shop then they should change their name to Dunkin Coffee. I've complained several times to their corporate webpage, only to be completely ignored. So, we are done with Dunkin - there is a Krispy Kreme just up the street and they have a better selection of doughnuts, at a better price, any time of the day which are actually made fresh, not shipped to the store frozen.
I really needed some hot chocolate not long ago, it was cold outside and freezing in my office to boot. I ventured to the Dunkin Donuts in hopes to satisfy my craving, I got back to my office and took my first sip only to find that it was so watered down that it was undrinkable. I was seriously disappointed.
I was grabbing breakfast for me. & a friend & went through the drive through. I ordered two 5's (bacon, egg & cheese on bagel + coffee + hash browns) and 2 orange juices.I didn't get the coffee, but assumed they just subbed the orange juice. Not a huge deal. However, after driving away and eventually opening the bag I realized they didn't put egg on the sand witches & forgot the hash browns as well. I drove back & went in. I told the counter girl that The sandwiches were wrong & I didn't get hash browns. They gave me a new bag & I hurried off after being so delayed.Turns out they just put egg on the already cold sandwiches I handed them back & still forgot the hash browns. Never again.The
Junk worse than McDonald. My wife is a fan of this shop in Fairfax VA. Westopped for a quick breakfast. The poppers were stale bagels hard and the worst thing was when they heated the egg omlette in the microwave. For someone who does not use this at home, was a shock.. threw the stuff into the trash can.. the whole thing cost 25$..you decide if it was worth it
What a crock!   The thin bagel (with asparagusmushrooms, swiss)...you get mostly cheese...it doesn't look at all like the picture on your website depicting a load of asparagus smothered in mushrooms...so full of it; definitely not worth the price. (this was the one in Greentree)
There's nothing about this specific location that is bad.  It's the Einstein Bagels food itself.  I got a Santa Fe Egg wrap, and I don't understand how they can use the term "egg" in the name.  There's no way in hell that slimy yellow gelatin came from a chicken!   Absolutely horrible.
I was waiting for my laundry on Ellsworth last week, when I decided to kill some time and find nearby food.  A bagel sounded good and the Bagel Factory felt like an appropriate transition from the Laundry Factory.  I'd never been to the Bagel Factory before, but figured they'd have decent bagels and their coffee had to be better than Crazy Mocha. The place was kind of a mess.  When I entered, I saw stacked boxes topped off with cartons of bottled water and individually packaged goodies stacked in front of the bagel case, which seemed sloppy and strange. It felt like a regular storage place for new merchandise, not a new shipment in active transit.  I wondered how an establishment like this could afford to exist on Ellsworth Ave, a neighborhood that is trying to exude upper-class image. Once I looked up from the hoarded pile of shit blocking the counter, my eyes skimmed over the mass of individually wrapped frosted cookies covering the other counter. My mind was taken to the memory of an off-roading experience a few years back; those times when you're driving down the highway in say western Illinois, and you end up at some shabby mom-and-pop bakery, like this one, and you think to yourself "I'm having a unique experience..."Given that I was coming from the cleanest laundry facility I've seen in my life, these first five seconds at the Bagel Factory were perhaps moderately surprising.  The woman behind the counter had several projects going on and I waited for about two minutes until she asked me what I'd like.  These two minutes were a fascinating two minutes, as the man behind the register was chatting up some eight to ten year old girls.  They might have been neighborhood kids, or not.  There was a familiarity to their conversation, which was only subtly uncomfortable as his tone was sordid at worst, belittling at best.  When they got around to paying for their bagels he asked, "are they naked or do they have cream cheese"  My head turned as the elder of the two said, "cream cheese."  By now I'd ordered my bagel and approach the register to pay for it and he says to me, "got a lotta earrings there, bet you set off all sorts of metal detectors."  I responded with "not really," as I handed him my credit card and he handed me a coffee cup.  He printed my receipt, tore it from the spool and said in a sleazy tone, "paper trail..."  I typically would have reacted to that, but lacked the energy after my first round of finals week.  "Be safe out there," he said as I turned to walk away, which triggered a spine-tingling sensation up my back.  Had i just been sexually assaulted or blatantly judged for wearing a few hooped earrings on each ear  I was wearing Abercrombie and Fitch, skinny jeans and sperries.  Seriously In the end, it makes no difference.  This guy is a creep, and my feeling is that he holds some sort of managerial role at the Bagel Factory, which leads me to conclude this place belongs out of town ten-twenty miles where this man can find animals to harass rather than little girls and college students.  I generally go out of my way to support small business and family owned operations, but this place is the exception.  I will never step foot in this establishment again.  The bagel with cream cheese was alright and the coffee was okay but not worth $5.19.
Pamela is a bad representation of this location! Attitude and lack of hygiene is an issue for this "employee." I will not return.
I was really excited the day after new years to get a bagel with my best friends I traveled all the way from Milwaukee to see. Upon arrival, the place was pretty busy with people who obviously frequented the establishment often. We don't have many Bruegger's in Wisconsin so it was my first time here and it was not an enjoyable experience to say the least.It began by me placing my order and asking for my sandwich without the tomato spread. The worker actually interrupted me mid sentence to ask which bagel. I politely stated my preference and moved along. The older gentlemen working the cash register asked what we got. I said what bagel and my boyfriend also asked for 2 hazelnut coffees. The cashier responded with, K..... I asked okay and he responds with, I need to know what size.... I shrugged it off and was like well whatever maybe he's bummed to be working on new years.Then, when I get my bagel it has the tomato spread on it, which I politely asked for it without, yet was interrupted. The man literally says, "Ma'am I don't know what you actually ordered and TOMATO is different than TOMATO SPREAD. Like I'm sorry... WHAT! the sandwich comes with only one kind of tomato.. pretty sure that's impossible to get confused with. I tried so hard to not say a big screw you too. He made a huge deal about the whole thing and if he wasn't so rude when we were paying I probably would've shrugged it off. I had too much pride though.THEN, he comes up to me and says MA'AM just so you know you were over charged because you ordered incorrectly. You shouldn't do that next time. K. Maybe if you took the time for decent customer service and realize we obviously have never been to a Bruegger's.And to put this into perspective, I worked at a breakfast place last year on new years day and not once did I feel the need to be that rude to anyone. It sucks but it's not my fault....
Wondered into this place looking for some mixed drinks.  The bartender told us they were known for they fruity drinks, but not margaritas.  He could mix any juice with vodka.  We left.
Cream cheese skimp alert!! We pay ~$7 per smoked salmon bagel and they put the cream cheese on like people butter their toast. They have no clue what the word "toasted" means. It really is just warming the bagel. The lox bagels are not even made open face. Not going back again.
Yuck!  I was on my way to Johnny Burritos when I saw their sign of "specials".  I stopped in and ordered the cream of potato soup and a grilled cheese sandwich.  Both were awful.  The soup had the consistency of milk, and not much flavor.  It's no where close to "cream of" anything.   The cheese on the sandwich was so thin that I pried it open just to ensure myself that they hadn't only given me 2 pieces of plain bread.  I like to support small mom and pop businesses, so I really wanted to like this place.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing, but it was so off-putting that I don't plan to ever return.  Next time, I'll keep walking to Johnny Burritos.
I used to love Bruegger's bagels, but mainly for their salt bagel. They make the perfect roast beef sandwich on this particular bagel and they may have just signed their own death warrant with me if they've discontinued making them. It tastes pretty damn close to a Beef on Weck. I went to this location the other day and they had a "pretzel" bagel in place of my beloved salt.  I did ask for the salt but they told me that they had the pretzel instead. I though, what the heck, I'll give it a try. Dammit...it comes nowhere close to the original! The line got too crowded for me to go up there and air my grievance because I did have another complaint that must be addressed: SOUP! Brueggers used to have a wealth of soups that they would rotate on a daily basis. Now they only have 2! Chicken spaetzle or black bean! Every single time I go to this location, it's the same-old-same-old choices of soup! I realize it's Summer and maybe they don't move soup like they would during cooler weather, but if you're offering it...mix it up!!!! If you go on their site, they show they have about 8 different varieties but not this particular location. They used to have a delicious Velvet Veggie Cheese a few years ago, but discontinued it. I even complained about that online and just got a thank youtry our other soups bull$hit courtesy response.No salt bagel is a deal breaker with me with Brueggers. The lack of soup varieties I can live with but killing one of my favorite sandwiches cannot be forgiven. I will return just to see for myself the next time if my precious salt bagel has been permanently replaced. If it has, I will stage a walkout...but nobody else will follow.The WiFi sucks, too.The only plus here is the friendly staff.Your sad pal,Walter
Horrible. This used to be a great place to grab some great breakfast and coffee, and despite it always being busy, the lines moved very quick and efficient.  It appears now they have an entire new crew including new managers.  Service quality and speed went way down.  I've tried coming back several times thinking the new staff will eventually improve, but each time, I wait longer and longer in much shorter lines, and a majority of the bagel baskets are frequently empty, leaving only 2 or three choices.It's clear I'm not the only one who has given up coming here frequently; this used to be a fun hangout spot as well, but now the few people that come in just get there food to go, as it is always empty (yet service is still very slow)
The food was fine. It's a chain. I'm not rating it. The service was absolutely horrible. It started well enough when we ordered lunch, but ended horribly when my daughter said we should get a treat for my husband. Between being ignored by the girl at the counter, her not listening to the order, then arguing with me when I told her I did not ask for what she brought me, I really can't decide which is worse. I rather spend my money somewhere local where they appreciate my business, rather than take attitude from Panera employees.
The worst pulled pork sandwich I have ever had.    Their watermelon mixed drink was very good though.  I won't be returning.
Obviously, you aren't coming here because it is in any way cool, or because of the 80's decor. You got kids with you or others whose palette doesn't extend past burgers and fries. These limitations can be overlooked. What can't be forgiven, however, is the shabbiness of this place. It looks like it gets vacuumed once a week, and the bathrooms are disgusting.
Stopped for dinner there while traveling on business.  Greeted by a friendly hostess, seated and ignored.   After 25 minutes without a server, I left.  Will not recommend to anyone else passing through.  I don't know if all the wait staff didn't feel like serving one person because tips are smaller for one than a group or if they were just incompetent or just rude.  Extremely dissatisfied.
Went there on my first day in Pittsburg. Wasn't the best experience. My waitress was to busy talking to her coworkers that she couldn't even give us any sauces. The food was ok but nothing to great. When I go back to Pittsburg I will not be going there again!!!!
Absolutely horrible service, when we entered the hostess gave an audible sigh like we were inconveniencing her with our presence.  We were seated for over 10 minutes and never had a server come to even take drink orders.  Needless to say we left, and we will not be going back.
Probably the driest and most tasteless chicken salad I've had in a long time. Our other sandwiches were just as disappointing. Just another chain food restaurant. I long for a real deli in Charlotte!
Not impressed at all
Me & some friends came here for lunch but an hour pass by & we never received our food... we end up leaving because our lunch time was over... never coming back to this restaurant
Wow this place is the suck.  We ate there twice.  The first time the tofu was massively burned to a crisp and the second time I found a rusty fishing hook in my pasta bowl.  WTF  I've eaten at other locations and they are just fine, but this one must have bad staff and management problems because they are the SUCK.  Stay away.
saw a fly dancing on my sandwich when waiting for my order, they don't bother to pay attention anyway since there are quite a lot customers , awful awful place even though i have very good experience with other panera bread
Gross.  Went to Noodles for lunch on a Saturday, place was not busy.Bathroom was disgusting.  Dirty floor and wet.  No paper towels.  Smelled.Plates and bowls (all of them) were chipped.  Not sanitary.
I won't be returning. Today, I picked up an order for my friend and I. They read back the order and it was exactly what it should be, but when I got to work, they had not put a rice krispie bar in even though they charged us for it. Additionally, my Japanese Pan noodle bowl left much to be desired. The carrots were uncooked (even though they were supposed to be) and "topped with cilantro" means one slimy spring of cilantro with 2 leaves on it. My friend's pasta was burnt. Burnt! While I like Noodles & Company in general, this location is lacking.
Molly O., don't be an apologist for mediocre food and poor value. If anything, prices in Madison should be cheaper for the simple fact that the every day cost of living here is significantly cheaper. I am being quite realistic in my assessment of Chautara being a mediocre rip off... but if by "this is Madison" you imply that it's just that folks here don't know any better, you're right.
Disclaimer: This is based pretty much on service.I went here with my mom before going to Wicked. It was 5:00pm and the show was at 7:00. We told the waitress we were on slight time constraints and she seemed to understand.We started off by ordering the chef's appetizer. A mix of appetizers for two people. That came up in maybe 10 minutes. The actual appetizer was pretty good, although mostly fried, which is a downside. We ordered our entree at the same time as the appetizer. We decided to split a shrimpscallop dish. After receiving our appetizer we waited for THIRTY MINUTES. The waitress didn't stop by. Didn't say anything. So we just sat and talked and picked at the appetizer. Finally she came over and said "we ran out of scallops, do you want to order something else"At this point I was pretty annoyed that 40 minutes after ordering she tells us the item is out. So I told her, "we've been sitting here 30 minutes and you just now tell us" She replies, "I was waiting for you to finish your appetizer before putting in the dinner order."WHAT I've been a waitress before. I understand pacing a meal. She should have put in the dinner order when she delivered the appetizer. Not to mention we had been finished with the appetizer for 20 minutes before she came over. Had she stopped by the table or asked she would have known that.So we left. At that time it was already 6:00, so we only had an hour before show time and the restaurant was starting to get busy. I've heard great things about Himal Chuli so I may give that a try, but I won't be back here.
I went here rather than Himal Chuli because I had a friend in town that doesn't like spicy food. This was the right place! Everything was bland and about 14 as good as Himal Chuli. It was way over-priced for what it was and I won't go back unless I need to feed someone with bland tastes and or an inexperienced palette. The momocha were tiny and tasteless, soy sauce was the dominant flavoring and I could have made all of these dishes at home. Don't waste your money on this place if you like tasty, well-seasoned food.
The food is great, but there are equally good and cheaper places nearby. I also saw management ream a poor server for having trouble opening the wine. Over react much And if you must, don't lose it in front of the customers please. Makes a very uncomfortable dining experience for my friends and me.
While the food here isn't bad, I am practically duty-bound to leave a 1-star review for Chautara due to the unacceptably poor level of service I received one Saturday afternoon. I had such a terrible dining experience here that a friend and I actually got up and walked back to the kitchen to complain about how poor of a job they were doing. It takes a lot for me to vocalize directly to the restaurant staff that they're ruining my meal, because of how painful and uncomfortable of an experience it is for both parties. I also hate that I'll end up manipulating my way into (or having my opinion manipulated by) a comped check; yet this was such an incredibly embarrassing and infuriating waste of time that I was outraged by the $9 discount they offered for me my trouble.Their response to a clearly-upset customer was to hand me an order ticket and have me write my complaints in the empty space on the back. So I had to return to my table and scribble down all their problems for them, while I should have been enjoying my own meal that they had failed to deliver up to this point. I promptly ran out of space on the ticket and handed it back to them, and watched them pin it up on the wall next to their take out orders. At no point was I even offered the chance to speak with a manager.We had come here with a friend who was gluten-intolerant, on the recommendation of a local gluten-free group's listing of "gluten-free-friendly" restaurants in Madison (I've since e-mailed them to recommend they remove Chautara). They had apparently been mistaken, because when asked about the menu the server was practically clueless as to what it meant nor could he fetch someone that did know. After insisting that 90% of the menu contains gluten and shrugging (i.e. not offering any alternatives), my friend ultimately ended up ordering the salmon salad. That is, until the server returned about TWENTY MINUTES LATER to inform her that they could not fry up a piece of salmon without using gluten - why I can do this in my kitchen at home, but a bunch of trained chefs at a restaurant cannot do so, is beyond my comprehension. It also blows my mind how the waiter could not be bothered to go back to the kitchen and say "hey guys, remember how we got accolades for accommodating gluten-free customers Can we do whatever we did then and whip up something for her that has no gluten"  Nope. I'm just gonna stand here like an idiot and shrug at her. The lack of flexibility was appalling. Even McDonald's will change up my burger if I ask.So, about 45 minutes in, we receive our fucking appetizers. They're decent but I can't even notice because at this point I'm so seething mad about how long the food has taken and how I've brought my friend to a restaurant where the waiter insults her. Main course shows up maybe another half hour later, and my friend's plate (a plain salad) twenty minutes after that.The thing is, when you have a really good meal at a really bad restaurant, your customer isn't going to remember you for the food. They're going to remember you for the abuse you put them through, and so the details of my meal are inconsequential to this review. Keep in mind that my friend's unusual diet was not the root of our problems. It was the unbelievably slow and unprofessional service, which affected every customer who was present that day. At one point someone saw the aforementioned salad being assembled leaf-by-leaf. When a customer walks in to your restaurant they're not just a bag of money - they are also choosing to invest 30-45 minutes of their time for you. When you rip a customer off for their time, thus making the experience the opposite of what they expected, it is far less forgivable than ripping them off for their money. At least the menu has prices to narrow the disparity between expectations and reality.I walked out of the restaurant two hours after I had entered, regretting that I had ever come there and swearing that I and hopefully nobody I know will ever go there again.
Blah! Why are you here, when you could be literally next door at Himal Chuli eating the same food for less in a friendlier atmosphereDoink, only go here if you want to impress your business partners, not if you want to actually enjoy yourself.
I think people give this place 4 or 5 stars because they WANT to like it, and want to feel worldly and cosmopolitan. My primary complaint with this place is that it is far too expensive for what it is. I ordered one of the chicken entrees, at $14.95, and it tasted fine- nothing special though, and I was still hungry after devouring it. So hungry that I went and had two slices at Ian's.  It was just one chicken breast with some sauce and a small patch of rice. It also came with a small bowl of soup, which was flavorless. This is not a fancy place- it's basically a cafeteria, which is fine by me, but why the fine dining prices and small portions I'm amazed that people in Madison are willing to pay these prices for such small portions. I should say, also, that I very rarely leave a restaurant still hungry, so it's not like I have a super sized appetite.
I am a Nepali and I am really disappointed with their food. Went there because of the good review but to tell the truth, never had this kind of Nepali food in my life. The only good thing was hot pickle. I don't like to give bad reviews but this is not what I was expecting from a Nepali Restaurant.
Came here with boyfriend, who is Nepali , the food is not authentic at all! Momo, Nepali spice chiya, which are supposed to be unique Nepali food, do NOT have real Nepal flavor at all!!! And their meat is absolutely not fresh! We ordered chili chicken and chicken sikar, and both of the chicken have that terrible smell! Tasted like not well-cooked !The price is expensive, the portion is so little. And they do not tell you until you are ready for the bill that it is CASH only! Totally a waste of money!
The service was slow and our waitress unattentive. The manager didn't seem to want repeat business.The food wasn't anything particularly special either. There are much better choices.
I have experienced a LOT better than this, and a lot cheaper too. Our food was lukewarm and lacking in meat, especially for the price paid. I'd avoid like the plague, to be honest.
I don't know if authentic Tibetan food is supposed to be bland and visually unappealing, but that's what I've gotten the two times I've eaten here.  We didn't have any problems with service, but the food was just bad.
We came here around 7:15p tonih we walked in and read the sign that said to seat yourself and we did. The man behind the to go order counter area clearly saw us walk in... we waited,  and waited. For about ten minutes we waited for something... anything,  we got nothing... completely ignored. We left, I wonder if the people who went in as we were leaving got the same treatment
I am disappointed to say that the customer is not first nor right at Princess. They have forgotten who keeps them in business, it is paying customers. The buffet last night was horrible...picked over, nothing left and the staff (family) on duty could care less, because THEY ate first!!! When I asked for it to be replenished, their response was, "Kitchen's closed, sorry. " This was at 8:15 pm, the buffet started at 7:30!!! I am sorry to say, I will no longer be making the 20 min drive and giving my business to this once great family owned business. Unfortunately the service has diminished greatly with the passing of the owner. He would be ashamed how his staff (family) treated their guests. This has been the 2nd time in as many weeks. Sad...because I really enjoyed the food. I hope they figure it out quickly, because at this pace, they won't be around to carry on the family business.
I am disappointed to say that the customer is not first nor right at Princess. They have forgotten who keeps them in business, it is paying customers. The buffet last night was horrible...picked over, nothing left and the staff (family) on duty could care less, because THEY ate first!!! When I asked for it to be replenished, their response was, "Kitchen's closed, sorry. " This was at 8:15 pm, the buffet started at 7:30!!! I am sorry to say, I will no longer be making the 20 min drive and giving my business to this once great family owned business. Unfortunately the service has diminished greatly with the passing of the owner. He would be ashamed how his staff (family) treated their guests. This has been the 2nd time in as many weeks. Sad...because I really enjoyed the food. I hope they figure it out quickly, because at this pace, they won't be around to carry on the family business.
"It was a roach. Cooked in with the coffee! "My husband, a friend, and I went to Hedary's. My husband had been taken there by this friend of ours before, and he raved about the food. We were all excited to go have a good meal together. The place has some good reviews, and I like middle eastern food from time to time, and have had a great deal of it over the years living in New York City. We got there, ordered a good mix of dishes and I asked for a Turkish Coffee, one of my favorites.We were enjoying the meal, and the coffee came served in one of those Turkish coffee things. I was drinking my coffee, and I saw a coffee bean floating around in it, I thought nothing of it and grabbed a spoon to pluck it out. It was not a coffee bean. It was a roach. Cooked in with the coffee! EWWWWWW!I showed it to my husband and our friend, who was a regular there, and they were both mortified. We asked waitress to come over and I said quietly "excuse me, but I think we have a problem here" she glanced at the roach on my spoon and said "oh sorry, we can get you another coffee on the house if you like". Another Coffee on the house If I like Are you kidding me I would expect them to apologize profusely, have the manager come over and offer a comped meal. Nope. Nothing.  As though it happens all the time.As I sat in shock and disbelief, and watched my friends eat their food, with extra care and attention, I looked over at the wall, and what did I see but more bugs dead on the wall!. I just wanted to run outta there.Its sad because this place is supposed to have great food, but if the staff acts like this thing happens all the time, and is all casual about something like this, who knows!!!The messed up thing is we told our friend the exterminator that he should give this place a call to give them a good spraying, and Hedary's turned him down! Like they didn't have a problem.Yuk
It has taken me a long time to write this review.  This was one of my first favorite restaurant in Las Vegas when we were thinking of moving here a couple of years ago.  I had been and tried everything and loved it. Then my wife,  our friend that introduced it to us, and I went together.  The food was great,  we're trying everything.  My wife ordered a Turkish Coffee,  she was drinking it and enjoying it.  All of sudden she got very quiet.  I asked her what was wrong.  She pointed to her coffee cup.  I looked into it,  and thought I saw a coffee bean.  I said so.  She told me to look again,  which I did.  There was a cockroach cooked in the coffee. My wife was nauseated. We called over the waitress, showed it to her, and here is the part that earned the one star, she did not even really react! She just said she will take the price of the coffee off the bill! And then we started really looking around and saw two more dead cockroaches.I am not saying she should have brought the owner out, told the chef, had him prostrate himself begging his forgiveness or anything. I am not saying she should have offered the entire meal comped. I am saying she should have reacted a little, look at least surprised!This was and is the greatest dining disappointment I have had in Las Vegas yet. I still look for the perfect Middle Eastern restaurant here and have found a few good ones.
Went here for lunch because I heard the food was great.  We started with hummus and baba ganoosh.  Both were fine, BUT we were distracted by the "chef" screaming and swearing at one of the servers.  Each of three times that she passed by the kitchen window he would stop what he was doing and just berate her.  It was awful.  My 8 year old finally said "is that guy making our food  It is going to be sprinkled with hate".  My sentiments exactly.  We paid for our drinks and appetizers and left.  I really could not understand how the other patrons could just sit there like everything was okay.
This place is like NEVER open! Are there like secret hours
Had never been before today.  reviews I read indicated good food and bad service.  Food was average for me after it took one hour and a half to be served from time of seating.  Service was beyond bad.  The waiter basically ignored the table once drinks were served and order was taken.  A 2 hour lunch is not acceptable.  Will not go back, too many good restaurants service wise.
The food is alright, but the wait to get the food was insane.  We waited over 2 hours.  Supposedly there was a staff shortage, but nobody told us until we had almost 2 hours invested.  You will not see me eating here again!
Have eaten here for years and always loved the food. Figured I'd stop by and grab a falafel sandwich and it was nothing like it used to be. Very sad the new owners don't have a clue. Also now way over priced. I played $13 for this with no fries used to be like $8-9 with fries and got it to go. No napkins no bag and asked twice for some hot sauce which is not the old homemade stuff they used to have that was like crack. No this is Frank's with water added....wtf. Then I asked the waiter why he didn't offer me the lunch special ( falafel plate) that was cheaper and came with hummus  He responded oh I didn't even notice that sorry. It's alright food sucks now won't be back . I wish I would have taken a picture because compared to the picture on here of the sandwich this thing was repulsive.  Keep in mind alot of these pictures on here are from the old ownership.
This place seriously used to be amazing. I haven't been back here in about 5 years or so, and thought id give it a shot since I didn't want to drive all the way to Khourys. (I'll never be lazy again I swear!) I ordered a chicken dish that was the worst tasting meal of my life. Not one thing tasted good. The chicken was rubbery and so seasoned to the point of being repulsive. Flavorless rice and bland soup. Clearly under new ownership and no continuity. I wish I would have checked the reviews before. $20 later for just lunch for myself ( no alcohol) and I have major food regret. I'm sorry for the harsh review.
Worst Shawarma I've ever had. I thought it was nearly impossible to find bad Shawarma but this was old meat that tasted like it was aged after they shot the animal it was made from by leaving the carcass on the floor for a week. The spiced potatoes had flavor but were undercooked and the price wasn't that great either. I will avoid this place like the plague from now on.
By far the worst beef shawarma I've ever had! I'm a big fan of shawarma, but this was just horrible! The beef was very mushy and had that strong lamb taste to it. I ate the shawarma yesterday and  literally get nauseous thinking about it even now. I love shawarmas but won't be eating it for a while because of this one. It was approximately $7 for the shawarma in pita. The only reason it even got a star was because yelp wouldn't let me post my review without at least one star
I read that the service was poor, and, my fellow Yelpers, you don't lie.  We were greeted with a generous helping of silence, followed by disbelief when my friends tried to order off the menu for lunch.  I can't take them anywhere, but it was my fault, I know that they won't do a buffet.  So, after being told that it would take a while, we were informed that the gyro would not be coming.  After that, my friends watched me enjoy the buffet, which was followed by my friend who was now on a forced diet because his gyro didn't make it and me watching friend number two eat.  The food is actually good, and I love buffets, but I don't think we'll be going back.
Food took forever to arrive and when it did, it was a disappointment. Salad was quite sour, and the grill meats was dry and didn't have much flavor to it. Didn't seem like much food, but the bill sure was a surprise!! The only interesting thing they have is belly dancing and salsa dancing for the night.
I went there recently for an event that had over 130 people.  The event leader said she had told the owner far in advance of the event and of the amount of people.  The service was predictably slow, but I mean reaaaaaallllllyyyyyy slow.  They only had 2 servers, yes 2.  We had to get up and get the server, get our own water and drinks at the bar they were so overwhelmed.  This is OK at an Arbys, but not at a restaurant.  My rating isn't for the servers, they did their best to keep up, my rating is for the owner who really didn't care.
If only the food and service matched the looks!  While it looks plain from the outside, Mijana is large and open inside, combining a fairly casual atmosphere with near fine dining visual appeal.  If I was basing this review on the look of restaurant alone, with its tall ceilings and long family-style tables, it would certainly get a 5 star rating!HOWEVER, Mijana is probably the most over-priced and over-rated restaurant in the entire area!With Middle Eastern and Mediterranean food not as popular as Italian and Asian fare, many of Mijana's close competitors shut their doors in response to these tough financial times and I can only guess that this lack of optionsalternatives is responsible for Mijana receiving any positive reviews at all!I have eaten here 4 times.  Twice I went with family, two other times I went with friends to see one of the weekend evening dance specials that people I know were performing in.  While I commend Mijana for supporting local dance talent, the restaurant's primary concern should be supporting the paying patrons!  After 2 tries, my immediate family refuses to return and my friends, except for the ones dancing, have not been back!Each of the 4 times I have gone, the service has become more and more dispicable and the food has only become less and less edible.  The reheated pans of low-grade and truly off-tasting ingredients at the buffet only seem like a "bargain" for the price until you actually try it.  What doesn't get eaten one night seems to get reheated for the next night's dinner service and the next, etc...The food off the regular menu is way overpriced in relation to the quality that ends up on your plate.  The dishes are unoriginal and, despite the fact that the stereotypical MediterraneanMiddle-Eastern fare should be predictable, the only thing you can count on is that it's bland and will probably be cold to the touch by the time the server finally brings it to your table!The waitstaff is almost always insufficient (a cost-cutting measure by a greedy owner) with only 2 servers (if you're lucky) working most weekend dinner services.  Speaking of service, it is consistently the slowest I've ever experienced at any restaurant.  Additionally, food items do not arrive together (members of my group were often served at different times and TWICE we didn't get bread for our Hummus appetizer until AFTER we completed the main courses, even though we made the server aware) and that's just the start!  Bringing any issues to the attention of the floor manager simply results in a dismissive attitude and no results...if he is in a GOOD mood!  When he's not, he'll treat you like a dog.  The way my mom and I were spoken to when we asked about drinks (after a 25 minute wait at the table without even water to sip on) was appalling!  And, the servers could care less.  They don't "serve", but they sure don't hesitate to express their upset when the tip is lacking.  You will not leave feeling even remotely appreciated or valued as a customer, I guarantee it!If you do decide to dine at Mijana, prepare yourself for a long, expensive night of substandard food and the worst customer care in the Valley!  Unless your friend is dancing there that night or you want to torture your most hated in-laws, do yourself a favor and go somewhere else...anywhere else!
Horrible service... A dinner that should have only been about an hour or so took forever... Servers were very rude... drinks were not maintained... Food took forever... the music was so loud for the dancers and for the in-between time that my husband and I could not even talk to each other...  the live dancers were hmmm so so... and being from Dearborn MI ( the 2nd largest middle eastern community in the world other than the middle east) I think I know Arabic or middle eastern food... the food is nothing to write home about... save your self the time and belly ache and go to haji baba in Tempe  on main... http:www.yelp.combizhaji-baba-tempe this place knows Arabic.. In fact the cook is from Michigan
I went for happy hour. There is a sign in front of the restaurant that claims appetizers are 12 price. They charged full price. When I pointed this out, my waitress said, "The sign is old." She then took $4 off the bill, meant that one of the three dishes I had as 12 priced. This is simply dishonest business.This is sad because I liked my meal. The quail and ful medames were very good and the kibbe was also good. The basket of pita was hot and fresh. Up until I got my check, I was satisfied.To be fair, the manager did throw a gift card at me on my way out. A nice, if hollow, gesture (even with the gift card, I still paid more than the advertised price). I won't go back to a place that promises one price, charges another, then uses lame excuses to cover up their dishonesty. This wasn't just one bad waiter, the entire staff was dishonest.
My friend took me out here and we had both heard some good things about it. At the end of the night, he was apologizing to me for how awful the food and service was. We're both Middle Eastern and about the only thing we liked about this place is the atmosphere, which is the only reason I'm giving them 2 stars, I'm being generous! The Food was too expensive, and we had to flag down what seemed to be the only waiter there twice to get our food after waiting over 45 minutes. The food tasted awful and old. Tasted like it was just thawed out and cooked which made it really dry. The entertainment; the belly dancer looked tired and danced like it was a chore that she couldn't wait to finish and only went to tables where most of the drunk guys who were throwing the money at her. Music was way too loud so we had to scream at each other. Never going back there again.
We had never been to this restaurant before, but it was highly recommended by some of our Arab friends. Several people at our group bough a Groupon for this first experience. Service was mediocre, i expected much more for the price, the waitress took a very long time to come take our order (there were only three other tables in the entire restaurant.) I looked at an empty glass of water numerous time, and when we asked about dessert the waitress told us that we could get up and go look at the display! Food was delicious though, I'll give the kitchen staff that much.  When it came time too pay, the waitress took the first bill along with the groupon, charged it and then proceeds to tell the rest of our party that she can only accept one Groupon per table. So, not only did I pay for the Groupon, I also paid for the full price of the meal! The food might've been delicious, but it is not worth the terrible service. Will never go back to this establishment an will not recommend it to anyone else.
Just left there. This place is a complete joke. We were a group that ordered three hookahs, food, and tea. Two people were leaving earlier so they paid cash and left. Upon trying to pay the rest of the check we are told that the other two hadn't paid. I asked a few foundational questions. Do you give receipts for cash transactions Answer... No. Do you have a camera over your cashiers Answer... No. The owner comes and is flat out yelling and accusing our friends of not paying. Not only is the hookah terrible but the service lacks professionalism. After 20 minutes of me trying to verify that the payment was made they realize that the 30 dollars was credited to another check by THEIR employee. How about you train your workers to be organized. You begin giving receipts. And your "owner" learns to calmly handle the situation without being rude and disrespectful. I will never be going back and will ensure my friends don't either.
Came back here for Eid with my family, and being such a normal customer I was expecting the food to be as stellar as usual. Unfortunately it wasn't that, at all. The kibbeh was cold inside(as if it was frozen then nuked in the microwave). The beef shawarma was burnt, the fatooush didnt have any salt in it. The chicken shawarma was stale, and the garlic dip had no hint of garlic in it. Truly depressing, and I looked like a fool talking so highly about this place. To let them serve us all of this "food" was unfortunate,  it makes lebanese cuisine look bad.
this place used to be really good. But now it is absolutely disgusting and ghetto. $25 bucks for shitty hookah and shitty service No thanks.And overweight employees in booty shorts I'd rather keep my appetite. ew.
If I could give this place negative zero stars I would.  Went here with a couple friends to eat, drink, and of course hookah.  The food was horrible and the hookahs are soooooo old and shitty!!!!  Do not waste your time going here. The decor needs to be updated, pillows that are in the seating area have stains on them....gross!!!!
The food was fine. It's a chain. I'm not rating it. The service was absolutely horrible. It started well enough when we ordered lunch, but ended horribly when my daughter said we should get a treat for my husband. Between being ignored by the girl at the counter, her not listening to the order, then arguing with me when I told her I did not ask for what she brought me, I really can't decide which is worse. I rather spend my money somewhere local where they appreciate my business, rather than take attitude from Panera employees.
saw a fly dancing on my sandwich when waiting for my order, they don't bother to pay attention anyway since there are quite a lot customers , awful awful place even though i have very good experience with other panera bread
The service is horrible!!!! The waitress acted like she didn't care for our business and made the entire experience horrible!! It was like it was a bother to her if we asked for anything! I am normally a really chill person since I used to be a waitress but this was terrible! The food is good but I wouldn't go back just because of the service!!!
This food is straight up taste less, idk what style of seafood this is but it is not very appetizing..food here is boring, i find the plates more amusing to see while eating, and maybe choking since the service here is so slow, it does get busy on the weekends which is understandable but having to be a small restaurant I'am sure they can check up on every cust real quick. the time to cook is ridiculous seeing others arriving later than you and receiving their food a lot sooner is really frustrating to see. Now maybe this attracts the type that grew up to this boring style of seafood, but never again will i ever waste time and money for sea...actually LAKE FOODnote: oysters here are farm raised not from the ocean...they will admit to that ;)
I searched on Yelp for Seafood and this place came up with great reviews so we decided to try it.  Besides, I love Mexican and my husband loves Seafood so we were excited to try it and get the best of both worlds.  I wish I had the opportunity to review their food, but we never received what we ordered.  Their service is HORRIBLE.  My hubby and I went here on a Saturday night and yes, the place was crowded.  But when you see others arriving later than you and getting their orders before you = not right!  I ordered a simple taco and enchilada and my better half ordered the fried, whole tilapia.  We waited over 45 minutes and yet nothing came.  And the waitress only came by once during this time to ask us my husband if he wanted another beer.  No, we want our FOOD!  Completely ridiculous!  Now, I'm not one to play the prejudice card but I can't help but wonder if this was because we were practically the only non-hispanic people in the place.  Since the waitress never came by again, we had to go up to the counter and ask for our check to pay for the drinks and leave.  They even tried to charge us for the entire meal we didn't even get and were surprised that we refused to pay for it!  What!!  They never commented at all why our food never came out.  If you are not hispanic, save yourself from bad service and stay clear away from this place.
Being a huge fan of Vietnamese food and how healthy it is I tried this place with a friends recommendation. He had pointed this place out since it had the very same menu as my favorite place Da Vang. Knowing this I thought this place was maybe a family relative or something and might have a very similar food, which should be very good. Boy was I wrong! So wrong that I would almost have thought that my friend was playing a horrible joke on me. Had he not been sitting next to me I would have thought that he was not serious about this place. Almost so bad to the point that I had to question our friendship for a brief short period we were sitting there. To start, the spring roll. One of the most popular Vietnamese creations that everyone knows. When done right it can cause overloading emotions of happiness and satisfaction. We all know that a good spring roll is a sign of a good beginning to a meal, almost like that first real good kiss you get. Well this one is not it, small, skinny and filled with nothing but lost hope and broken dream. Small portions of shrimp and meat, if there was any meat in it at all. Most of all the they even cheaped out on the vermicelli noodles, lettuce and mint. More like the worst kiss you ever got , bad enough to break up over. Then the pho, the staple of Vietnamese cuisine, the first thing that anyone thinks about when they hear Vietnamese food. Well upon ordering the food I expected a delicious and heart warming soup. Well the broth was flavorless, I could have made a better one with water and  a bouillon cube. The dish was beautiful though. So simple, and the onions and jalapeno cut thin as they can get it and the cilantro chopped roughly. The taste was just not there. The service like any Vietnamese place was lacking. This place was the worst of them all. The server, a kid who spoke no English paying no attention to anyone and not caring at all.  He must have gotten suckered into free labor by his father or someone who equally didn't care about their patrons.All in all the visual appeal of the pho was amazing in that the small details of the ingredients were executed nicely. The  spring roll was done poorly and you can get a better one from Trader Joe's. The flavors of the food lacking in all aspects, please someone give them some salt and pepper to cook with. Pho in it's greatness can be enjoyed with out all the sriracha or hoison we all love to ruin the natural flavor of the broth with, but this place it is needed to bring the brown water of a broth to life.
My first impression was not good already. The food does not have good quality and NOT fresh. But we gave a benefit of a doubt because it is VERY cheap. Appertizers for $2 is a good deal I admit. The second time we came, the customer service was BAD. We ordered a vietnamese sandwich and it never came, we had to tell the server to ask when our order came. And still we had to wait 10 minutes, my husband waited for his sandwich the whole time I was eating my food. Recommended if you want cheap food and dont really care about the quality and the customer service.
This place looks like my grandma's kitchen! If you seat down ordering is confusing and the people taking your order make you feel like you have already done something wrong! Food was sad!
This is an awful place for lunch. You would never guess it was a sit down restaurant and the service was sooo slooow. We were there for 45+ minutes for lunch, maybe 5 minutes spent eating. I got the club ranch wrap which was less than impressive looking for $9. The outside felt a little warm but the inside was scolding hot! Grease dripped from the bottom and landed on my finger leaving it bright red with a blister. Seriously Took a few more bites and I was burned a second time on the side of my lip. Mind you I had already eaten my potato salad (which tasted like it was from Walmart) and chips so the wrap had plenty of time to cool down. This was a joke, and the check was just the cherry on top. $23 for two sandwhiches I could have made at home without being burned. There are way better sandwhich shops with actual homemade sides for half the money. Try Z-Cafe at Alma School and Baseline!!!
R.I.P. Salads N' Such... if you're looking for the Salads N' Such that you used to know and love, this ain't it.This used to be a lot of peoples' favorite sandwich shop in Mesa.  New owners recently moved in and unfortunately the only thing that has carried over is the name and a fraction of the menu--most of which tastes nothing like it used to!For starters, the service has been really bad.  On my first trip to the newly managed place my order was at first lost, then I was overcharged (which they thankfully fixed, but took almost 5 minutes), and then my sandwich was made incorrectly (a take out, so I got to drive 15 minutes back to correct it, with nothing more than a "sorry" to boot).On my most recent trip I got the same thing I had been getting for years and the bread was stale--this from a place that was famous for its fresh toasted rolls--the potato salad was mostly clumps of mayonnaise, the lettuce and tomato were both soggy and aged, and the cookies--which also used to be fresh made--tasted like something from a prepackaged box from the 99 cent store next store.  I took the sandwich back, no refund needed.  The new owners claim to have attempted to update the restaurant and learn from the "old guard" that was here, but it's a pale reproduction.  They can follow a menu all they want, but if they're using old vegetables and pre-fab baked goods, they'll never come close to what this place used to be.This was my last trip to a place my coworkers and I used to love.
I tried to buy a loaf of cinnamon raison bread.  And go denied to buy it.  I will never come back to panera again!!!  Bad service employees
Came in for a quick to go order the staff was talking amongst them selves and yelling across the restaurant jokingly. I tried to order the a bread bowl but they were out of the bowls. The girl offered to comp me extra prices of bread to go with it so it so I ordered. I get my order and "the entire store is out of bread". It was kind of like oh well we are out. I came later so I kind of understand the lack of bowls but they offered something they couldn't follow through with which was annoying. The store overall just had a very unprofessional atmosphere which was irritating. I feel like I paid $6 for a small cup of soup from a bunch of kids which wasn't the experience I anticipated. Will probably continue to go to the boca park location from now on.
Absolutely horrible service, food, iced chai tea latte, and cinnamon roll. My 9 year old son compared the cinnamon roll to the one at school. Come on panera. Clark county school district cinnamon rolls taste the same as yours Time to change. Also on my steak and white cheddar sandwich the steak was undercooked, and cold in the center. I sent it back and it was as if they put the whole sandwich in the toaster twice. This time the bread was super hard and the steak was tasteless. The manager said "what do you want me to do, replace it" In a question.  Utterly dissatisfied.  I will never be back.
After hearing so many good things about this place, I finally got a chance to go there and I was so disappointed.  The girl who took my order, Natalie. was so busy trying to sell me extras that she didn't listen to what I ordered so when I got my order it was wrong. Another girl took my sandwich back and, instead of making me a fresh one, just had them put that same one in the panini press, lettuce and all. When I got it back it looked like it had been practically thrown in the box. I went back in and spoke to the manager who was lovely and left without buying anything even though she offered to make another panini for me. Also, two other people came in after me and the girl who served them asked if it was their first time there and when they said it was they got a free pastry! Natalie didn't hook me up like that.
My sweet husband went to pick me up some chicken noodle soup and bread because I have been sick all week. We ordered two soups, bread, Mac n cheese, and two cookies. (The restaurant was out of bread bowls, which was a real letdown.) What was completely ridiculous was how we ended up with a bunch of random soups, no bread and no cookies. It was as if the people at Panera weren't even trying to get our order right. What a disappointment. We certainly won't be going back to Panera again.
I like Panera, I like the food, I like the company ideology but sadly for me, this location has been a disaster. I WISH I had as good an experience as the other reviewers.I like to buy my crew lunch, and thought the online ordering would make it easier.Almost every time it is not right, but a few experiences at this location were REALLY bad!One time the order was messed up, special requests were not taken care of (Like no tomato, not challenging requests), we were missing stuff. I gave them the benefit of the doubt, called to request a refund for the missing items. It took 4 calls, 2 days, and a manager to get what was missing refunded. They kept telling me I had to drive 25 minutes back in with my card to get the refund - WTFA second time,  I placed an online order, with a specific pick up time. Went myself to pick it up, I waited 90 minutes past the pick up time. YES- you heard me...90 MINUTES! It was a total disaster in there! Pure chaos. Seriously, painful to watch chaos. It was really bad! But the manager came up to me and apologized and asked me to please try again- on them. OK, fair enough.So the week following, I placed a smaller lunch order for my crew. E-Mailed it over, and called the manager to let him know it was coming in. He remembered me, but still said he was slammed and it would take another 90 minutes to get the order together. That was fine, I sent someone in to pick it up at the agreed time. They can't find the order, and said they never received it. Even though the 2nd e-mail I sent though went though with out a glitch. He then informed the person picking it up, it would be another 45 minutes to make the 7 sandwiches. We declined.I do not know what the deal is with this location, but I cannot risk another crew lunch order here. They cannot seem to get their act together with large orders.Someone needs to go in and help this location, they are BROKEN.
Oh man... As much as I love Panera Bread and their delicious food, it pains me to give this location a lonely, single star rating. Guigo Gilo, their catering manager, had promised us a complimentary order for our crew since we had multiple issues with previous orders. He claims he has a bad computer system, that he's not getting emails and that's why TWICE now our pre-ordered food didn't get made for pickup. Today, when he said it'd be another 30-45 minutes' wait to complete our order (making this the THIRD time for such a delay), I had no choice but to leave this poorly managed Panera site to wallow in its own mediocrity. We'll be taking our business elsewhere and I strongly recommend you do the same, dear reader.
I have been to this location several times before and normally the food has been on point and the service has been decent. But after today's trip to Panera, it pains me to leave this 1 star review, but after what occurred today I felt that it was the only thing that I could do.First, they were out of Broccoli Soup at 12:45 in the afternoon. I would have understood had it been later in the day sure, but you are in the middle of the lunch rush and you run out of a key item. Second was I ordered a Tomato and Mozzarella Panini and it was the most pathetic thing I have ever seen. The sandwich had 2 pieces of mozzarella cheese, 4 slices of tomato and and a pathetic amount of sun dried tomatoes. Third, the Turkey & Bacon Sandwich had no flavor what so ever. The sandwich looked like they just threw it together and there was no care to what it looked like. The only positive of this trip was the Peanut Butter Cookie, which is sad to say.It really pains me to say this but I don't think I will be going back to this location and may not go back to Panera because this trip has really left a sour taste in my mouth.
Update since last review:Wrote both the cooperate office and the GM of this location going into detail the series of issues we have had over the past couple months. Not a single reply.
I've waited 10 minutes for a bread bowl soup...seriously! It's super slow and no one else is in line! The whole time the manager and employees have kept looking at me standing here and no one has bothered to ask me if I need any help. I finally had to speak up to get some service. This place was great before new management came in.
It's funny that they have BREAD in the title because bread is hardly what this place makes me think of.   Instead I think of it as Panera Sandwich Company.  Nothing exciting about the bread.  We used to eat here quite a bit.  The sandwich quality has gone downhill.  The value for the dollar we think is a bit out of proportion.  We don't like the "wait your own table" set up.  We have never had a good cup of coffee here.  The bakery has always been just so-so.   Recently they were somewhat disorganized and weren't able to fill some of our order at the time. Their patio is nice with a nice view but rather small.  They need to really improve their food all the way around.   We can pay the same price at the Great Dane next door for way way better food and we are more than happy to pay 20% tip for a better dining experience.Went here recently to see if anything had changed and ordered the turkey artichoke sandwich.  I used to order this one in past years.   What a got was a similar sandwich with spinach and turkey.  No artichoke.  I took it back to the counter and they said the artichoke is in there it is just in the sauce!   I should have refused it and ordered something else but I ate it and it was ok.   Very skimpy turkey portions in sandwich and mostly bread.   Way way overpriced for what I got.   This is really pathetic.The interior is pretty clean and pleasant.  Many people like it for it's internet and coffee shop atmosphere I think and miss how crumby their actual food and service is.I now lower them to 1 star.update:  I stopped going to this place some time ago but returned because a friend insisted (above visit) and I won a 5 dollar gift card so I went there to use it up.When I got there a manager was about to explain to a customer why her receipt was rung up the way it was and she said she didn't care to know.   But the manager insisted on explaining the bill to which she reluctantly allowed him to finish.  Now when I am ordering at this place I am invariably asked again and again if I am ready to order.  Don't they see that I am looking at the menu which is hung behind them  So I won't be ordering until I decide and when I decide I will know to walk up to the register to order.I decided to try the Ham and Turkey Panini because it was a little more expensive and one I had not tried in the past.  I think it was 8.25.  So with my card I spent  three and a quarter.   The sandwich came with a bag of chips.  It was a pretty large sandwich and the bread was good.  The ham was of somewhat ample portions but the turkey was skimpy and the cheese was almost non-existent.   What they do is shave the cheese paper thin and put two slices on the sandwich.   This is not what I call a good panini.  I give it about a 6 as it was fresh and tasted ok.  But it was nothing to rave about nor come back for.  It should have cost around 5 bucks for its simplicity and skimpiness.   Look at it this way.   I can buy a frozen dinner for 4 bucks which will have a protein, carb and vegetable and weigh in at about the same weight as the sandwiches I get from Panera.   But I have to pay double at this joint. Sadly, Panera didn't used to be like this.   They used to have a turkey artichoke sandwich that was loaded with artichoke, turkey and cheese and the bread was delicious.   So someone came in and revamped all the food and wrecked the place.Amazingly this has not dampened the number of patrons.  What I think is happening here is that Panera has a type of coffeshop feel and people meet there for it's casual atmosphere without paying a lot of attention to the quality of their food.   They sit, they talk with friends and eat their food and just have a good time not realizing that they just got ripped off and made to wait on their own table!  I gotta hand it to them.  They sure pulled off a good scam when they came up with the idea for this place.Now please.   No more gift certificates.   They are more "insult certificates" than anything.
I had an awful experience here.  It took the cashier 5 minute to punch my order into the cash register, then wasted another couple of minutes explaining to me that they changed their menu and its all "screwed up".  After waiting another 10 minutes for my latte, I finally asked the lady behind the counter if the coffee was going to take much longer because I was in a hurry.  She looked at me with a snare , didn't say a word, then instructed the cashier to refund my money...which I didn't ask for.  As the cashier handed me my refund I said "I didn't ask for a refund, I just wanted to know how long it was going to take".  They both just stared at me without a word, so I said, "fine.  I find coffee elsewhere".  As I was walking out she declared to the customers in line with a giggle "she DID ask for her money back!'  I will not be going back here.
Panera is great. Food is spectacular. However this location is horrible. Customer service is non-existant here. You are made to feel like they are doing you a favor by taking your order or providing your food. go to another location or restaurant. This one is BAD!
I work fairly close to Panera and at first, I was excited to be so nearby, but after all the mediocre experiences and the last nail in the coffin, I won't be returning here.I've always felt that the customer service here has been sub-par to the service I have received at most other Panera locations. Most associates have either seemed bored or snarky. But I can overlook this most times as long as I receive tasty food and drinks at a timely fashion.This certainly did not happen on Valentines day, when I decided to use the very last bit of money I had to treat myself and get a Cappuccino. I had thought about stopping off at the McDonalds near my house, but I dislike Mickey Ds and wanted to use my money on something that I would enjoy.When I walked in.....there was one cashier and many many customers. And about 5 employees scrambling around behind the cashier to get pastries for people (strange logic).After waiting patiently for my turn for 10 minutes, I ordered a cappuccino with some sugar free vanilla syrup from a guy who acted a little short with me. Then I waited another 5 minutes for my drink and when the guy handed me my drink, I knew immediately that something was wrong because the cup had no weight to it.I looked inside, stirred around trying to find espresso, but the cup was PURE FOAM.I wasted almost $5 on a cup of milk foam. At this time, I was needing to hurry and get to work, so I tried to fix it and put some coffee in my cup, but all of the coffees were out except for the hazelnut. I didn't want the hazelnut, but there was no choice.And that's it. I will never be back again. It pains me to say this, but I probably would have received a better drink (or at least a full one) and better customer service at Mc Donalds.
This is for service as this is my first experience at a Panera...visited this location at 730 AM as it's next to the hotel I was staying at.  Looked up the menu the night before  because I wanted something to eat before my flight out.  Wanted the "Pick 2" deal so ordered a panini and a broccoli cheese soup.  Response from cashier was, "Ee don't have soup right now."  Ok, would be nice if u explained why.  I can only assume soup isn't served until later.  Soup nazi  Lol.  As for the chipotle chicken panini it tasted good.  Nice amount of spice and still warm when I ate it back in my hotel room.
Horrible customer service from the manager... the food is standard Panera Bread quality and not worth a trip back to this location. I walked in on 1228, Sunday morning, Melissa the cashier was friendly and efficient. Then the manager, who was unorganized, running around (it wasn't busy) and creating a chaotic atmosphere appeared. Her name was Jessica, as I asked the cashier before I left. She didn't smile or offer a greeting to customers, instead she was rudely speaking to the team (complaining about a new person not understanding how to make a drink and being overwhelmed herself). The cashier and another team member were making 2 smoothies which had been ordered, 1 of them was mine. All was good then Jessica haphazardly delegated other tasks to the team members. My smoothie was finished mixing but needed to be poured into a cup. I asked if she could pour mine before moving on to the next one so my order could be completed. She said, "sir I know you want me to be 15 people but I'm only one person!". I responded, "focus on finishing 1 task before moving on to another." In addition, the team serving the sandwiches is average at best. Engage your team and delight your customers to ensure repeat business and you'll also be able to take down the "now hiring" sign. This Panera is lacking in both areas and I will not be returning, it's simply not worth it in terms of value.
I HATE IT!!!!!!!They charge you twice the amount, than you would normally pay at the neighborhood corner SB's.It's the same coffee dammit!
This store totally sucks.Regular tell (small) coffee charge $3, and not refillable. The store days it's own by hotel, not Starbucks.WTF, they put Starbucks logo mark, and not follow Starbucks policy. $3 for small coffee with no refill, I will never go this store again, never.By the way, $4 ice coffee with 34 full of ice, also not refillable.
This place is dumb.  Over over priced - dont go trust me.  Burnt - ass coffee for $5.
i went to starbucks and ordered a salted caramel mocha on ice. the lady replied to me a told me that they didnt have certain drinks and told me a whole list including every drink that had caramel. i ordered a peppermint mocha and waited patiently in line fore my drink to be made. the same lady prepared my two drinks. when she was giving us our drinks she also put on the counter a caramel frappucino and gave me a tall drink when i ordered a grande drink. the lady had lied to me and told me they didnt have that drink and while i was ordering i heard that more caramel drinks were being made. i ordered a drink that i get every sungle time i go to starbucks and the lady said that it was a summer drink, a drink only available in the summer time. when i started drinking my drink i found that there was hair in my cup. i was  very disappointed and i will never come back.
Over priced, soggy, nasty sandwich. Extremely disappointed. I ordered the italian sandwich and the bread was all mushy. Wouldn't go back there.
Worst Starbucks ever. Long lines and ineffective staff. Sub par baked goods. I guess they feel they can get away with bad service because the convenience of being located in the hotel. That's a shame.
The lines were so long and the workers were beyond slow.Go next door to Mc Donald's for a cup of coffee instead!
With two baristas, both waiting around for an other to be paid for (instead of making orders ahead of time) and cashiers scattering between fetching drinks and taking payments, no wonder there's a line!I've been to enough Starbucks to know that this is not how most are run. Mix that with the most processed looking baked goods I have ever seen at a Starbucks -- are these knockoff Costco pastries -- and you have yourself a pretty sad sight. When you expect something standard from a well-known brand, it feels like an even greater fall from grace when it all goes wrong.
When did sbx stop hiring professional baristas I'm not sure what happened here, but this is one of very few sbx I'm disgusted with the service.The cashier (a young man) who took my order seems spacy, inattentive, and...rude He was trying to be funny, but inappropriately so. I just want my order taken down correctly, I don't need a comedian. And of course because of his unprofessional-ism, he took my order wrong. The guy who made my drink offer to redo it, but I just wanted to get out of there.The second time around was no different. Same cashier, same unproffessional-ism. Still sloppy, and still rude.Monte Carlo, I hope you get a wake up call one day. You are in a partnership with sbx, and sbx staff represents you.
Hubby and I always stay at Aria but there's no Starbucks! The two hotels connect by walkways and escalators so it's very convenient.  Besides the convenience, this place can never get both of our drinks correct...EVER! Nor do they ever get our short names right even if we spell it out!  Go to the Starbucks in the food court. They are fast, the drinks are perfect along with our names...and as long as a foreigner who doesn't understand much English steals your drink even though they placed their order AFTER you, everything will go smoothly!But we gave this place a couple of tries and the last one was a couple of weeks ago when it seemed that everyone who purchased something from here did not get what they wanted.
OMG what an awful service and horrible options. NEVER going back to this one!
I never thought I would see the day where I gave a Starbucks a single star :(This is my least favorite Starbucks I have ever been to during my career of drinking Starbucks on a near hourly basis.The coffee doesn't taste like Starbucks coffee.  This may be because the water at the Monte Carlo tastes like dog sweat and obviously this Starbucks is justing tapping into Monte Carlo's supply of water taken straight from the sewer.Second, the price for a cup of coffee is 50% higher than any other Starbucks.  It just shows that Starbucks could charge whatever they want and we will still fork out the money for it.  But Starbucks should do so at its own risk: We will yelp about it and trash you!!!
I went here,november 9 around 2ish.This starbucks got the worst costumer service i have ever experience ever!, i think they need to retrain their crew or i think best is to change their crew.the register person and the barista got a terrible attitude towards their costumers(specially the gay guy-barista)
They hate their job and they make sure you know it. Rude Rude Rude!
If there was a way to rate negatively I would. Long wait. Asked for less ice and all I got was ice. Workers didn't work fast. Taste of the drink was super watered out. Price was not worth it. Totally took my money for a shitty drink. If you have a choice go else where for coffee. It sucks.
So far the worst Starbucks the line takes like one hour with 9 guest. Unbelievable the price. disappointed
Terrible Starbucks.  Usually SBUX gets 5 stars from me, but at this location they had a crew of sloppy employees.  My wife and I had to tell them our drink order three times since they were not paying attention the first time and on the second time they made her drink incorrectly.  My coffee was luke-warm.  Last time I ever go to this Starbucks.  The employees were goofing off and laughing about their inside jokes even after they made our drink incorrectly.  One star from me.  Would be 0 stars if it was available.
I go to Starbucks ALL the time and I'll never go back to this one. First, they got my order wrong, then gave ME attitude for it. The girl in the front was really nice and that's about it. There are a million other Starbucks in Vegas, first and last time I go to this one. TERRIBLE service.
The ONLY good thing to say is that they serve fresh coffee...Other than that, the staff is rude, the coffee is about $2.00 higher for Venti than a normal Starbucks and they don't give you stars when you buy their over priced coffee!The Walgreens across the street is a good alternative, with fresh coffee and and a lower price.
Overpriced!! Rude and don't have discounted refills on iced tea...WTF
This is my second review on yelp and I have to do it. Chris (the cashier is soooo rude)I put a bottle of izzue orange soda on the counter while I was taking my card out of my purse. Suddenly the bottle fell on the floor and I was frightened( the bottle is made of glass). One attentive staff asked me whether I got hurt, which luckily I was okay.But when I ordered again, Chris charged me for the orange soda which fell on the floor from his counter ( I didn't touch the bottle at all when it was placed on the counter!) I was like WTF! He didn't ask if I was okay but instead charging me without telling me! ( my bf found the total number was wrong and checked it)The attentive staff who cleaned the piece of glass told him not to charge for the broken one( 4 dollars)I was so annoyed that I just took the cash he returned to me, thought it would be 4 dollars.However, on my way back to room, my bf counted the money and found it was only 2 dollars!!! I didn't really care the the 4 dollars but the whole thing was just ridiculous !!!Starbucks at Mirage should train the staff!!!!Chris, I don't know what's wrong with you, but working in a customer service industry, you should at least respect and do you job!!!!
I like the fast line and found the staff efficient but you will !!NEVER!! justify $0.57 ea. For Equal Sweetener. I  am from NYC where rent is JUST AS HIGH if not HIGHER and the Starbucks there doesn't attemp this kind of a scam! What a great way to get a lousy ratings and lose customers!
I love my starbucks! this place was about 40% more than your typical non tourist area.The lady messed up my cinnamon dolce latte to a vanilla latte! She also messed up on a tall medium blend coffee with a shot of expresso. Come on! its pass 7am and I dont need this. Plus 6 people behind me didnt need this either.my cinnamon dolce was water down.It didnt taste heavy like it should. But overall I wont be back to MGM and that means I wont be back at this starbucks!
Starbucks are great. But the barista (Omar) was a dick. I'll stick to another Starbucks if he is behind the counter.
One star for the nice barista Kenneth. This Starbuck's is super slow & overpriced compared to the others. They charged me an extra dollar to get a venti ice water, they didn't have a toaster for my friend's bagel, and they weren't taking gift cards due to "technical difficulties." I'd recommend finding another Starbuck's on the strip.
This Starbuck's is super slow & overpriced compared to the others. They don't take gift cards due to "technical difficulties." I'd recommend finding another Starbuck's on the strip. Worst Starbucks to visit!
Bad customer service! Had a small change request after paying... Barista DAISY agreed but only to make snarky comments! And she hasnt even started making our order, so no harm done yet! Unnecessary attitude! Will take this up to management!
Not quite sure how this place can call themselves Starbucks, yet they do not accept the Gold Card or gift cards. They are quite slow at making the overpriced drinks, but I guess they don't care, since they are making a killing. The Excalibur does not have coffeemakers in their rooms, so why not have people pay a decent amount for coffee downstairs!If you plan on staying in the Excalibur, do yourself a favor, and bring your own coffeemaker. You'll save a ton of money, and you won't be cranky walking down to this Starbucks in the morning JUST to get a cup of coffee for $5.
The staff was grumpy and questioned my coffee decision making when I tried to order a custom drink.  If I'm going through the trouble of ordering a super custom drink....please don't question me and tell me that "it might taste funny".  They also don't take starbucks giftcards or allow you to use your starbucks app to get points.  With so many other coffee places, especially starbucks - I'd skip this one.  Walk a bit down and there is a much better one in the New York New York!
They don't take gold cards since they "don't have the machines for it". The Mirage location doesn't have the machinescannerswiper either, but the baristas type in the card code manually. The line consisted of around 10 people and only 1 barista was at the cashier. There were 2 other baristas working there.. One making drinks and the other doing who knows what.. Ordered a grande caramel macchiato with extra caramel with a base price of $5.30. They charged me 50 cents for tax AND 85 cents for the extra syrup. Totaled up to $6.65. I got the same exact drink from the Mirage location and they only charged me $5.95...
Edgar was more worried about my slightly torn $20 bill and proceeded to give me a nasty look and said "oh 1 torn $20 bill huh" Then proceeded to tape it in front of me like I had commuted a monitory crime, then reluctantly proceeded to get a cup of coffee an breakfast sandwich. Guess he just needs to be on a vacation and have someone return the favor to appreciate being on the other side.
As always my fiance insisted on his overpriced latte from Starbucks that he loves so much. I get it, it's Starbucks-it's expensive. But as we're walking in I get a stupid tickle in my throat and as my fiance is paying for his $6.75 coffee I ask if I can have a cup of water just so I can have a sip to get rid of the previously stated stupid tickle in my throat. Not a bottle-just a small cup. The woman told me it would be $1. I told her keep the water and her coffee and went to the casino and got it for free. FYI the cakes that are normally $2.25 are $4.00... So make sure you're winning at the tables before you proceed here!
$6.15 for a $3.50 latte. One star because I could get my latte in my fuzzy mocs, tho I looked pretty stupid. And they took my gold card. And yeah, not the friendliest staff.
I'm a big fan of family owned restaurants, especially ethnic, so you can only imagine my excitement when I found a Peruvian restaurant here in the desert.  Sad to say, this is one restaurant I will not be returning to.The food was bland and lacked flavor.  It almost like they ran out of "ALL SPICES" right before we ordered (yes including salt and pepper).  To start of we ordered an appetizer, the Papa a la Huancaina, sliced boiled potato served at room temperature covered with a cold, bland, bright boldish yellowish colored hollandaisemayonnaise sauce. Let's just say it was a start to a bad meal.For the main course we ordered the Lomo Saltado, generous chunks of beef sauted with onions, tomatoes, and potatoes which sad-to-say was probably the best dish we had.  The dish was uninspiring, something you could find at a sit-down chain restaurant.   Nothing about the dish screamed Central American flavors.We also had the Jalea, a combination of breaded octopus, shrimp, and chunks of fish fillet topped with a Peruvian Salsa (a.k.a. your standard chunky and fresh pico de gallo, (tomatoes, onions, cilantro, and lime juice)). I have never in my life had something that was breaded and deep-fried so soggy in my life!!!  The breading was heavy and disgusting.  It also came with the worst plantains I've ever had.  Dry, overcooked, and extremely chewy.  Put it this way, I've had better plantains at Bahama Breeze then this place (yes I said Bahama Breeze).I am not trying to pick on this place.  I swear!!!  But when the owner's brother helps you order and tells you what they are known for and what they make best and they miss horribly  Well, needless to say I can only imagine what there non-staple dishes taste like.Not to beat up on these nice folks too much.  They place was cute.  The place was painted in a vibrant yellowishbrownish mustard type color, which gave the place a warm and bright feel.  On one wall was a mural of what was to resemble a village in Peru.  The other wall was a collection of trinkets from the native land and of course the flag of Peru.  The servers were extremely nice.  Beware, when you order water, they bring out bottled (and charge you), so if you want tap you need to ask and depending on your Spanish or their lack of English, that may be a challenge. I hate to say this because the place was quaint and the help was friendly, but if you have a craving for Central American andor Peruvian food, don't waste your money or time here. I'm just going to wait till the next time I'm back east in NY or DCNorthern VA to get real and tasty Peruvian food and I would suggest you do the same.
I wanted to like Inka Heritage. I really did. I had heard tons of good things about the place and was so excited to finally hop a bus to South Park so I could go try it. I left Inka so upset, so dissatisfied that I couldn't even calm down enough to write this review for a long while. In short, I undoubtedly received the worst service that I have ever had in my entire life. I never really knew how important the organizational aspects of a restaurant could be until I learned what it was like to dine at a place that was completely and utterly devoid of it. McDonald's offers a more personable dining experience than this.My whole visit to Inka Heritage was miserable from the minute I walked in the door. Upon doing so, I watched from across an empty hostess' podium as at least 5 different people darted in and out of the kitchen. Not one couldn't be bothered to take a minute to seat any of the 10 people waiting awkwardly by the door for any of the 10+ open seats. Once I finally was acknowledged about 15 minutes later, the waiter proceeded to argue with me, telling me that my name wasn't on the list and that the reservation I had made was no good. After being seated and ignored for another 20 minutes, the same waiter came out to quickly get our drink and food orders with as little formality as possible. I started to envy the 3+ parties that had walked out due to the restaurant's negligence. Turns out that at 1:00 on a Wednesday, they had already run out of the main ingredients for four of the nine dishes on their restaurant week menu. I attempted to order an Inka Cola and found out they were out of that too. I ordered a Chica Morada in its place, a sweet corn-based drink which was actually really good; it tasted like a fruity horchata. Unfortunately, it ended up being the only truly good thing I had here.My disastrous first course was supposed to be fried yuccas with a savory yellow sauce and half a boiled egg. But the yuccas had been replaced with cold, unseasoned, boiled potato slices. The sauce and egg had no hope of making up for the nastiness of the potato, which overwhelmed the dish. I felt like I was eating at the cafeteria in a retirement home. The yuccas were supposed to be the star ingredient of that dish, and the chefs did absolutely nothing to compensate for the fact that they were missing. It was so bad, they should have been too ashamed to even consider serving it. Of the three possible first courses, this one was godawful, the other one was "completely sold out," and the last was a salad that was lacking in any flavor. It did have an interesting twist via the large, hard pieces of Peruvian corn that it contained.My second course was decent, but tasted like something I could easily make at home. The beef stew was well-cooked, as was the cube of rice that came with it. Sitting next to them was another pile of those flavorless, disgusting potatoes. As I ate my way through it, I couldn't help but ask myself what exactly is Peruvian about 4 cubes of beef with plain potatoes and rice. This dish was a tradition in my household as well. We called it "leftovers night."I finally ended this painful experience with a tres leches pound cake. It apparently was trying to be sweet and savory, but ended up being moreso on the "bland lumpy mash" side. I was once again reminded of the retirement home cafeteria. It's a very rare occasion when I overcome the empathy and memories of living off tips that tell me that I shouldn't stiff the waiter. I rather would have told him about the horrifying quality of food and service myself, but he didn't seem interested in asking me how things were at even one point during the course of this entire disaster of a meal.
I ordered a gift card from Inka Heritage over the phone.  They charged my credit card that day, however after about 3 weeks, i still had not received the card in the mail.  I called them several times and they had excuses about it being lost in the mail multiple times, however they never called me or tried to correct the situation.  I then told them I wanted a refund as opposed to them "trying" to send it again after 3 weeks.  They took my credit card info but I have still not gotten my money back.  I will continue to fight with them but I honestly don't think they ever tried to send the gift card or have any intention of refunding my money.  I would expect TERRIBLE service and poor customer interaction.  At least NEVER buy a gift card from these scammers.
Made a reservation for my husband's birthday dinner called to confirm and was told no worries plenty of open tables, we were all set. Got to the restaurant and reservation did not exist and all tables were full with no one ready to leave soon. Host made no apology and said it would be 5 minutes until a table opened up...he then proceeded to hide in the kitchen and ignore us for the next 15 minutes. As none of the diners looked remotely close to finishing, we went elsewhere and will not be going back. If they had acknowledged their screw-up, apologized and been honest about our chances of getting a table I would have chalked it up to bad luck and tried again another day...instead, because they lied on several occasions and then left us standing at the door while they hid in the kitchen, they have lost a customer:-(
Will not seat you after 930 despite sign and website that states open til 10
DISCRIMINATION AT PIO PIO.PIO PIO WAITER BANNED ME, MY PREGNANT WIFE AND 3 KIDS FROM THE  RESTAURANT FOR ASKING THEM TO BE MORE ATTENTIVE TO US.I really like the food here but the service is the absolute worst.  The waiters definitely tend to the non-minority patrons before the minority customers and treat them better.  Guess what I am Yep, you guessed it,  a minority. On one trip to Pio Pio, the really skinny, delicate looking guygirl (I'm not sure) waiter with the overly plucked eyebrows forgot 2 of my kids's kids meals.  Maybe it was because we ordered so many dishes that they got confused and it just got lost in the shuffle.  Good thing we ordered so much because my kids ate plenty and their dishes were not missed but we kept looking out for their meals to arrive during the entire meal.  We figured they never placed the order but when we received the check we were billed for it.  I had them remove the charge but they had this look on their faces like we ate the meal and were trying to get a freebie (2 kid meals for $4 bucks each or so). I let it slide and left a full 20 % tip because we still had a great meal and lots of fun.On subsequent visits the service was typically and terribly slow but on my last visit I was forced to let them know how unacceptable their service towards us was.  We sat outside, which was a big mistake because since we were not in their immediate line of sight and vicinity, they seemed to have lost track of us.  They were painfully slow to take our orders, serve our drinks, bring out our food, and fill our waters.  We ordered an additional rice and beans side dish during the course of the meal and waited 30 minutes for it to arrive when we were already done with the meal.  We asked for more water and the head waiterhead bus boymanager agreed.  15 minutes later he passed by to tend to the table next to us and I asked him for water.  He said okay.  15 more minutes he passed by again empty handed and I asked for a water refill.  He angrily said he will get to it and that they were busy.  I asked a passing waitress for the bill which she got to us about 20 minutes later.  It took another 15 minutes for them to pick up the credit card that I was going to pay the bill with.  15 minutes later when she finally brought the credit card slip back for me to sign I still had not gotten a water refill and my pregnant wife was really thirsty and irritated.  No one came to check on us and I wrote a note at the bottom of the credit card slip letting them know that we are regulars that have spent thousands of dollars at the restaurant and have been continually given poor customer service.  I let them know that this was not right and needed to change.  I did not leave a tip which they did not deserve, which is not usually smart if you are a return customer because they will undoubtedly spit in your food the next time you come.I returned 3 months later with my even-more-pregnant wife, my 3 kids and a head teacher of the local school who became a big fan after we introduced her to the food.  She has since turned 8 of her friends onto it as well.  As I walked towards the restaurant, I told my teacher friend that I had serious issues with the service at Pio Pio but the food is too damn good to deny. Little did I know I was about to be denied.When I walked through the door we were greeted by the skinny overly-plucked eyebrow person.  He walked past me and spoke to my wife with a big smile in spanish and basically told her the owner said we were banned from the restaurant for what we did the last time we were there. What You mean tell you guys to treat us better I asked to speak with the owner and was told he was not there.  We went back and forth for a minute or so and decided not to beg to eat there and we left.  He felt pretty good about kicking us out because heshe had a big old smile on his face. I decided we would handle the issue with the owner directly.My wife called the restaurant asking to speak with the owner, who we've actually met and spoken with on several occasions.  He's a fellow New Yorker and was super cool when we met.  The head waiterhead busboymanager guy who wouldn't refill our waters on our last visit answered the phone and said the owner will stand by what they said.  He then said if we have so many problems with the restaurant then why do we go back.  We did not call to speak with this idiot so we did not bother to explain.  Dear Pio Pio owner- your waiters are horrible.  Today they kicked out 3 kids, a 7-month pregnant woman, a head elementary school teacher and me- all because we let them know that they need to step up their customer service.  You have lost our business and hard earned money.  You have lost our teacher friend's business.  You have lost her 8 friends' business.  All because of your waiters that don't treat minorities as equals.
Worst ceviche I have ever experienced in my life. Probable -stars. One of the more expensive items on the menu which was of kid size.
I actually love Pio Pio's food, but I will never patronize them again after tonight. Tried to place a pickup order, which had a few hiccups in itself. When we went to pick up, we got a very weird cold vibe, with the employees we dealt with not making eye contact or saying more than 2 words to us. After waiting a little too long to get our order that was already sitting on the counter, the guy opens each box and verbally confirms what we ordered. Getting home, one entire half of our order was actually just a big salad that we did not order...he definitely saw this. We called back and said we are coming back to get our chicken, will it be ready when we get there Yes of course. Arrive back at Pio Pio and, just kidding, they are out of chicken (yeah right). Obviously angry at this point and asking for a refund, they said they didn't run the card so there's no need, when we earlier watched them run it and signed for it. We asked for some kind of proof of this, and they could provide none. Whether the charge shows up or not, we believe that they saw that the order was wrong, didn't feel like re-making anything at closing time, and sent us home knowing that. Why they told us to come back to the restaurant only to turn us away 5 minutes later I don't know. It was nice know you, Pio Pio, but I'll just drive farther to get this kind of food from someplace that is run by people who give a crap from now on.
They close at 10pm.   We got there at 9:15 and the host refuses to seat and serve us.  Will never go back there and give them anymore business.
Although the food is excellent, I refuse to spend another dime in this establishment. Each time I've visited, the customer service has been poor. It's almost as if the servers believe brusque abrupt service is acceptable in a restaurant setting.  I will not return to endure their impatience and subpar demeanors.  They're not the only game in town.
I love the food but their service is SO BAD.  Like you've got to be kidding me bad.  I've stopping in here due to that reason.  And if you call an order in, tell them a pickup time about 10 minutes earlier than you actually need it - otherwise expect to wait.
The food is good here, but nothing ruins a restaurant like bad customer service. I had a Groupon deal and they lied to me and said it was only worth half its value, because it was towards the end the month. It is never ok to cheat your customers.
Disgusting and soo unpleasant!  Was dragged here with my girlfriend after a couple of my friends raved about it.  I don't even know where to start.Atmosphere: Inside kind of looks like a barlounge.  Outside is a patio.  We sat inside as it's so hot out.  Unfortunately, on Fridays and Saturdays it turns into a 'club'.  Although the only people there were about 5 or 6 at the bar and our table of 6, the DJ still played the loudest, most irritating techno music throughout the whole meal.  We couldn't even talk to each other.Food: Almost inedible!  I've had delicious mediterranean food before.  The food here was terrible.  The bread was hard.  My girlfriend called it poor man's bread.  We split the stuffed peppers and some garlic fries with herbs.  The fries were ok had they not been drenched in oil.  The peppers were so gross.  They had such a nasty flavor and were stuffed with some kind of mystery meatrice mix.  It was all covered with a terrible white sauce with a weird dill flavor.  Our friend had a feta cheese stuffed pepper and it also had that nasty white sauce.  We ordered the tres quesos  pizza for the table and it was too cheesy and way too salty.  I prefer chuck e cheese over this!  Another one of our friends got the cheese in a clay pot and I can't even understand how that was edible.  It was hard chunky cheese and eggs with some veggies in there.  So gross.  At one point, I had to go to the bathroom because I thought I was going to throw up.  The loud music mixed with the disgusting tasting and smelling food just put me over the edge.  We will NEVER go back again!
I had high hopes for this place based on the local press it has been getting.Kind of funky interior, and definitely has a European feel to itI spent some time with the menu and was a bit overwhelmed by all the dishes availableFinally ordered a few things, and while sitting at the bar ( keep in mind this is a non-gaming establishment )    I notice someone to my far left smoking and then after speaking with the waitress  bartender another guest starts smoking 2 seats down from me on the left.     I overhear the waitress  bartender say something to the effect of "Smoking is ok at the bar"No actually its not OK,   you can't just make up you're own smoking policy.    Its disgusting and I refuse to eat anywhere that smoking is permitted - legally or otherwiseBefore my food arrived I leftI will not be returning under any circumstances
The place gets 1 star for several reasons, most of all for trying to serve crap under the guise of freshly prepared tapas. One such example is their so called spanish tuna which they get from the can and afterwards add some sliced tomatoes and serve it to customers. I come from a cultural background where many of those eastern European dishes are common in our household so I know what those things ought to taste like, I cant say they were terrible but it was definitely not worth the price. Also having gone to Barcelona myself their so called jamon iberico was just another sliced up pork and nothing like the iberico from Spain. The squid stuffed with its ink came semi warm and had a nasty fish taste to it rather than what they make you believe. a combination of bad food, bad service, trying to make you believe that their food is something it's not (dishonesty) gets this place the 1 star review. It's no wonder that we were the one of two tables occupied in the whole place. Stick with firefly and your will be a lot more happier.
Horrible service and experience. After being ignored for thirty minutes I had to tackle down a waitress. This waitress (short blonde hair) didn't write down our order therefore they  would walk table to table with plates of food asking if it was our order. 30 minutes later we finally got out clay pot and it tasted gross as if it sat out for 2 days. We asked for our bill since the other half of our order wasn't ready. So we left and went to Bachi Burger.
You may consider me an expert. I can kill a person for a bowl of good borsht. I know that there are numerous variations of the recipe. The most disgusting version I had at Forte. Please never order it there. The person who prepared it should go straight to culinary hell. Borsht is not a bowl of roughly chopped crunchy vegetables lacking any taste or  flavour including salt. My second choice was Hungarian Goulash. Although I am not an expert on this I am capable to figure out that this dish should be not what I got: old starchy mashed potatoes covered with the sauce way too spicy for a goulash (think Indian or Thai level) with 5 tiny pieces of meat. I guess the waitress may have known that she is serving food not suitable for human consumption and therefore has never asked how was it. I am glad I didn't invite my friends to experience Easter European food at this place. I would be really embarrassed.
I was visiting this place from Los Angeles. Once I stepped in the place it went all wrong. It isnt walk in dining, there must be a reservation which I found that out after waitibg at the entrance for over ten minutes. There wasnt a welcoming enviornment there at all. Id say it was because I was the only person of color there but thats a stretch. The food im not sure but the service here from my experience was AWFUL
I'm sorry but I have to retract my original review. My husband got food poisoning from their calamari. It was the only thing that we ordered that I didn't eat. I took a small bite but something in me told me I didn't like it. I have a good sense for food quality. My husband agreed that it didn't taste like it was bad but the calamari was not hot enough and we think it wasn't stored at proper temperatures. I've been in the food business for years.Although most of my orginal review was accurate outside of the calamari, I can't get past the fact that my husband was sick for two days because of them. NEVER AGAIN.There are toooooo many upscale restaurants in Vegas to waste time with places like this. They got lucky to land a small feature on the food network.
Will not return.  Food was lacking in flavor, as well as being brought to the table in a haphazard way.
I was asked if is like to sit at the bar and I did. The bar is very uncomfortable so I moved to a high top table nearby. I sat for 20 minutes with no menu or anything. Both servers walked past numerous times without even looking my direction. There were only four or five other tables in the place.I have been a server and can overlook a lot of things, but this was unacceptable. I finally left and as I walked past the hostserver at the front, she said nothing.  I'm sad because the online menu looked excellent, but I am so peeved at the service that I don't think I will ever return.Forte needs to learn how to treat a customer!  Also,I would have given it zero stars if yelp would let me. Stay away!
Our friends are regulars at Forte and we joined them for dinner. On previous visits they have always had a wonderful experience. Also the Yelp reviews are positive and the visit by Diners Drive Ins and Dives was excellent. Our visit was on Saturday July 20th. The place was nearly full and included a large group celebrating a birthday.The dining room has an Old World comfortable feeling and the wait staff is friendly and helpful. Service was excellent up to the up to the point of placing our dinner order.Items ordered were Chicken Salad, Stuffed Grape Leaves, Hungarian Goulash and Thracian Clay Pot. While waiting, a glance around the room reveled that very few tables were receiving their food. Our server apologized for the wait and told us that our dinners would be out shortly and the entire meal with cocktails would be complementary. We waited one hour for our food.The Stuffed Grape Leaves were appetizers however we received something else and it was returned and replaced with the correct item. Several other items were not up to our satisfaction. The Hungarian Goulash was over salted and the dish was refused. The Thracian Clay Pot was heavy on the cheese and light on sausage. It did not look like the one made on the Diners Drive Ins and Dives show. There must have been something seriously wrong in the kitchen on the night of our visit. I hope this was an isolated situation that the owners of this authentic European restaurant can correct. We would like the mom & pop places to survive.
For my first visit to The Melting Pot, I decided to go on my birthday with my husband, my parents and his parents.We were sat in a back room all by ourselves. Literally we could have heard a pin drop. Normally, I would have LOVED this ... However it must have been a package deal: get your own room, get crappy service.Granted, I didn't expect to be in and out of the place within an hour, but I also didn't expect it to take three and a half hours either! Our server was SO slow. We normally NEVER have a lack of dinner conversation, however we found ourselves twiddling our thumbs just waiting for our server several times.The food, however, was delicious. But NOT worth the prices they charge.Unfortunately, this was my first and last visit to The Melting Pot.
Awful ... This was a terrible experience. The meat was old looking - slimy and grey and the broth or whatever they call it that we were supposed to cook the meat in looked like dirty sea foam and tasted worse. Not to mention the fact that we were left to sit in front of this boiling pot of yuck for more than 20 minutes before I finally went to find our waitress to ask where our food was.... Anyway maybe they were having an off night but both my daughter and I were beyond disappointed. I will never go back.
Worst! Service is good, "food scraps" are too expensive and tasteless.  They also use a bait and switch method in their pricing.  Spend your $100 elsewhere!
Feeling generous with the one star today. Food was good but service was lacking. I don't believe that you should have to wait 30-40minutes for water to arrive at your table or watch your appetizer pot steam for that long either.  The bad service outweighed the food this time. Disappointed. Seems like the Melting Pot should read some of these reviews to make improvements.
Unfortunately I have to downgrade my rating of this restaurant after today's events.I'll preface this review with the recognition that The Melting Pot recommends reservations. However, of the many many times we've visited this location, we've never had a problem getting right in without a reservation owing to the fact that we go at off-times. So we have a long history of going without a reservation, and have always been seated--maybe with a 30 min wait at most, but usually right away.My wife and I walked in at 4:00pm on Sunday (our 12th wedding anniversary) and the parking lot was nearly empty. The hostess gave us the usual "Can I help you" which I have always found odd, as if there is some other reason I would be there than to eat. We said we didn't have a reservation and she immediately told us we couldn't be accommodated. Apparently they had sold a "living social" and thus the restaurant was just impossibly booked.This was (almost) comical because the place was deader than disco--not even a single human voice could be heard. I happen to know what Living Social is, but what if I didn't Why is that my concern, and why is that being given as a reason for not seating me Not "we're all booked up", which I can understand, but apparently they were saving empty tables in case people decide to come in and redeem their Living Social coupons. Shame on me, I guess, for not getting a coupon.To be clear, I have absolutely no problem with being turned away at a restaurant that recommends reservations. That's my fault for ignoring the recommendation. I do have a problem with being turned away at a half-empty restaurant because they did a Living Social deal and thus they can't accommodate me just in case these hypothetical coupon-holders come in the door. If that's how you want to run your business, fine, but don't make it the customer's problem.I've spent thousands here and won't be going back ever again. So, I hope your "Living Social" was worth screwing over your long-term customers.
We've been trying to use our Living Social deal to this place for a couple months now... we finally had the chance on Saturday night.  My take on Melting Pot has always been that the cheese and the dessert are awesome - but that I could pretty much do without the meat course in the middle.So we started with the spinach artichoke cheese fondue, which was really really good.  The wedge salad with bacon and peppercorn ranch, also good.  Then we got to the meat course.  Without turning this into a novel, we discovered that one of the shrimp that had been cooking in our broth fhad not been de-turded.  That's right, it had been cooking with the rest of our meat, in poo-broth.  So, there goes the appetite, and after bringing it up to the waiter - and his discussing it with the manager - they were "gracious" enough to take a $5 beer off our tab.I'm sorry, but serving poop to customers, should pretty much be a no-no.  Especially at those prices.  I kept thinking of the line from one of my favorite movies, The Jerk, "You would think, at these prices, you could keep the POOP off the food!".I digress... suffice it to say, we won't be going back to The Melting Pot.
Seven of us took my daughter there for her birthday. The service was incredibly slow. Over three hours for food we cooked at the table!  The food quality seemed ok but the bill was over $500 and only two alcoholic drinks were served. When we left my 28 year old son wanted to stop and grab a burger. He is not overweight in the slightest and there was not enough food for him. After talking to the remaining guests everyone felt that way. I'll never be back. I'd rather spend $700 at a better restaurant.
I'm not sure how I was so mistaken about how great a restaurant was, when the premise is you boil the main course of meat to eat it. Mmmmm, delicious boiled meat has been said by no one, ever. We used to love the Melting Pot in NC before moving here. Going to this restaurant was an event and you knew you would be dropping some serious $$$ to eat there.  When I saw the Living Social deal for $45 for $75 it seemed like a no brainer and a fun evening out. Boy was I wrong. To me, $45 for $75 says they are going to give me a $75 credit for the tab of whatever I order. For a tab that can be close to $200, this seemed like a deal so I bought it. I was surprised when we arrived and was given a "Prefixed Living Social" menu instead of a credit on whatever we would like. This, I also noticed, came with smaller portion sizes than what the regular menu came with. So they limit what I can order, but expect me to tip on whatever the full amount would have been without a credit  We upgraded some of our choices knowing it would be more expensive, but it still didn't make for an enjoyable evening.The locations in NC are set up so no booth is right across from another booth, they are kind of staggered for privacy, here felt like we were eating at TGI Fridays. The couple that was set directly across from us had requested a more private table that could not be accommodated and they made a scene. Uncomfortable, to say the least and not the date night I had in mind.You better be a fan of garlic to eat here, because aside from the dessert, it's in every choice of every course and something about a plate of raw meat and seafood being set down in front of you, with instructions of how long to let it "cook" as in- if it walks boil two minutes, if it swims boil a minute and  12, is less than appetizing. Our total bill came to $180 (before the $75 credit or tip) and we left disappointed, vowing to never return. Our Living Social Deal also listed we would be given a complimentary champagne toast, which we were not even offered.  I get that we purchased a "coupon" but shouldn't be limited to a certain menu or treated any differently from other patrons in the restaurant.  This place was not worth the 3 hours we spent there, "deal" or not.
First timers at the Melting Pot....perhaps our last    We weren't too happy about hidden costs they don't let you in on.  We went there for a special Valentines dinner and we were charged $5.95 for broth to cook our food..... "Hello.... How are we supposed to cook our meat"   Why should we be charged for that   We went with 3 couples and were charged that 3 times and we only had 2 pots!    Another "go figure" why when I order my meal off their special Valentines menu consisting of their serf and turf for $66.95 do I not get my own lobster  My husband and I had to share it.  My father-in-law had his own surf and turf and had a full lobster!  He was lucky his dining partner ordered the other choice offered, the turf.Hardly want to go into the gratuity that is included in the price!  That really bothers me when they do that..... Lucky for us she was a good waitress.
Oh hell...we won't be going back! lol After having an amazing dinner at San Tan Brewery where we sat outside and enjoyed our night we decided to splurge and have dessert somewhere else for some added fun to our evening. So we thought, "Hey let's try The Melting Pot." I had been a few years prior and thought it was completely over priced and not at all worth what you pay but my hubby had never been so I wanted him to have that fondue experience.We got there about 40 minutes before they closed and they immediately sat us in this claustrophobic little booth...thing. The last time I had been there I was with a party and we sat in a regular dining area. Yes this little booth was intimate but it really doesn't do them any favors. By having such little space and a closed curtain you start analyzing everything around your small area. Like how there was food splattered and stuck to the wall. Or how the wood along the wall had been essentially burned away over time from the heat coming off the fondue pots. Or how there was a HUGE uneven crack in the middle of our table. Everything just seemed outdated and grimy. After a few minutes our server came and asked for the drink orders. My hubby ordered an Irish coffee and I just wanted water. He asked me if I wanted one of the two sparkling waters they carried or "tap water". I told him tap water was fine and when he made a face I asked, "Well is it filtered water" after he said yes I kind of just stared at him with a face like, "okay and your issue is..." He just walked away. lol I'm sorry but I'm not going to pay your outrageous price for water, it's ridiculous, plus I'm not a fan of sparkling water. I'm perfectly fine with filtered water and this guy was trying to make it out as if I just ordered some unfiltered swamp water or something. Seriously, get over yourself. So I got my undesirable "tap water" and my hubby got his coffee. The yin-yang chocolate was brought out with the dippers and we were pretty disappointed. The cheesecake looked and tasted exactly like Wal-Mart's cheesecake, the brownies were so sugary sweet I could barely get my one piece down, the marshmallows were stale, and the bananas had brown spots on them! Although, the pound cake (I believe it was), the strawberries and the rice crispy treats were okay but it was an extremely small portion and way over priced, just like it was a few years ago. After we were finishing up my hubby still needed to finish his coffee and the server brought out the check...and then started clanking glasses, vacuuming, loudly shouting to others, laughing, and talking about inapproprate coworker drama. The place went from quiet to very noisy in a matter of a couple minutes. Apparently waiting to clean the restaurant until all the guests have left isn't something they train the staff on. It was extremely rude.All in all I'm glad we went ONLY so that my hubby could have that experience, which he didn't like, so we won't be back. Don't waste your money when you can easily buy some good quality chocolate, melt it at home, and enjoy it with fresh fruits and other dipping pieces of your choice.
Automatic 20% gratuity, even increasing the credit card charge after the customer leaves.  Is this truehttp:www.yelp.comtopicscottsdale-automatic-20-gratuity-are-we-legally-obliged-to-pay-it-if-its-not-noted-on-the-menu
I went here about a year ago with a friend and enjoyed it. Nice staff, good food and was pleased. I have a group of friends from work that we rotate selecting a restaurant to out eat at. I decided on The Melting Point as my choice and phoned the restaurant to place the reservation. The guy taking the reservations could hardly be heard or understood--there was no accent just a rushed feeling to get off the phone.I explained there would be a party of 8 people dining for dinner. I was told I needed to provide a credit card to hold the reservation and if we were late or no-shows a $10 per person charge would be applied. WHAT!!Needless to say, I contacted my friends and picked another restaurant that doesn't pull these kinds of tricks. Sorry Melting Pot, but that's a bit rude and a good way to drive off repeat customers.
I only give this restaurant a 1 star because of the company I had with me to make light of the horrible experience and because Yelp won't let me give it no stars. The atmosphere of the melting pot is top notch. However, upon entering the restaurant we were not greeted by a hostess for about 3 minutes. We were then seated and the waiter took our order. The cheese fondu that came out was mediocre, nothing to rave about. The meal came out about an hour later (no exaggeration) and was a complete joke for the amount of food you receive for the price. 4 pieces of chicken, shrimp, and filet for $24 that aren't even prepared for you The food tasted only like the oil and batter it was fried in. Our grand total bill was $100 with an automatic 20% gratuity added for excellent service when our waiter took 20 minutes to fill our waters once they were empty. Not to mention we asked if they could change the christmas music to something more contemporary and the waiter returned to tell us that the manager "rolled her eyes" at our request. I will never dine at one of these restaurants again. It's a joke and they're robbing people blind.
I've written complaints on here as well as sent the melting pot an email about my experience the night I dined here...and they have yet to reply to me or offer any sort of compensation! NEVER again.
My girlfriend and I went to The Melting Pot this past Saturday night and the experience was HORRIBLE.  It was 9:30 when we showed up and when we walked in we were greeted with a rude hostess.  She did not greet us but instead asked "What can I do for you" with attitude.  Well, it's a restaurant, so I guess I was there to get my haircut!  When I responded a table for 2 she asked, again with attitude, if I had a reservation.  The restaurant was not even half full.  I said no, she then asked "well are you having a full course meal" and I responded "Just dessert".  After waiting a about 3 minutes, we were finally sat.The horrible experience did not end there.  It took TEN minutes before our waitress even came to our table.  They  had a full waitstaff that just kept walking by our table staring at us.  When our waitress finally did come, she was also rude and offered no pleasantries.  We order the Original for 2 and our drinks.  Everything was then served together.  I must say the chocolate fondue was delicious.  However, our waitress NEVER came back to check on us or refill our drinks or how our drinks and food were (For the record, the Cafe Mocha was ice cold).  And with heavy food like that, water is a must!  When we were done, she finally came over after I flagged her down, then asked if we wanted refills.  I said yes and the check.  Once I paid, she brought back my card and just left the checkbook on the table.  No "Thank you have a nice evening, Thank your for coming in", nothing.  We were very excited about having a fantastic dessert but the rude staff there ruined the entire experience.  We will not be going back to the Scottsdale location.
My husband and I like to go Melting Pot to have dinner always. Everything was great so far. However, we were extremely disappointed with the food that they served yesterday.Yesterday we chose the special offer - Endless fondue. $36.95 per person. The filet mignon was not fresh at all and it has strange smell. I guess this was the worst filet mignon that i ever had in my life! The teriyaki marinated sirloin and prawns were great at first. However, when we asked to refill the teriyaki marinated sirloin and prawns, you can tell that those quality of the refillable sirloin and prawns dropped significantly. I guess those refillable food are cheapsales stuff. I actually have the pictures with me. We have spent $111 yesterday but was extremely disappointed with the food quality. I was thinking to give feedback at their website but I couldn't as I have forgotten to take the receipt with me and we need to fill in the receipt number in order to give feedback to the Melting Pot website.  I will never tried their ENDLESS FONDUE again as I do not want to eat those lousy food. I like to go to the Melting Pot BUT i think i will STOP going as i cant believe that they served bad quality food to their customer at the moment. I was thinking to tell my friends to try this ENDLESS FONDUE at first. However, I would tell all my friends NOT to try their ENDLESS FONDUE now. I Hope that the Melting Pot will take note of this issue and please don't serve your customer with2nd3rd grade food when your customers are willing to pay. I do not know the reason behind why you served bad quality food... Is that because of the price is cheaper or because of the business is not that good during this summer and you have tons of food in your freezer which are not fresh
We were here 3 - yes I typed three - hours for a meal with two little kids.  Very long waits between the courses with no attention from server.  Of the three hours at least 60 full minutes was spent without any food in front of us.  But the best part, incorrect charges on the bill.  Wines prices upcharged on actual receipt to 1.5X the price listed on the menu.  I asked the manager on duty why there was a discrepancy and he went behind the bar, got some cash and gave it to me.  Now mind you, it was of course, no where near the amount I was overcharged but I guess it relieved his conscience.  He handed me the money and said "It will take me too long to find out who your server was and look up the transaction, so here you go."  Unreal!  Food was average to below average and prices for what you get were a real rip off.  Original style broth that was recommended was so chock full of pepper you were downing water all night - if you could get a refill.  Save your money and time - go buy a fondue pot and do it at home.  You do all your own cooking here anyway so why not.  Will not return.  Hope this saves others a bad experience as well.
HORRIBLE SERVICE.We got there & let the hostess know it would be a total of 8 adults and 2 kids. She automatically said they couldnt do that and that they didn't have the availability. When you could clearly look around and see the place was EMPTY. As soon as the manager went over to greet us her attitude changed and she said how she had told us it would be 5-10 min. I then pointed out how that is not what she had told us & the manager took me to choose where we would like to sit. After we took our seats, the worst part began. The server was just bad, he sucked. He was loud and rude. Not to mention that he would take 3 times the time it usually takes but then hurried us out at the end. You do not get the service you pay for.I wouldn't recommend this location to ANYONE. Stuck up, snotty. rude staff. Never plan on going back.
I've been to the melting pot in chandler, az a few times and tried out scottsdale for dessert - while the chocolate was good, our server (Joe) refused to refill our dippers even though the last time my husband and I went there, we got a refill on the dippers and once whenI went just for dessert, I got a refill on dippers as well. Basically not the best customer service, will probably stick to chandler and not go back to the scottsdale location!
This location is really hit or miss. We tried it a couple of times and once was ago and the other was AWFUL. I stated very clearly that I was allergic to mushrooms and they still brought them to the table. It was taken away but there was some kind of contamination because I was sick as a dog the rest of the weekend. Ruined our whole weekend and we will never be going back.
Nope. This is overpriced nonsense. I hate to start out the review with a statement so crass, but truly, its location allows this establishment to charge a great deal of money for a meal that is not really that good. Once you get past the pot of liquid and the skewer, think about what you're eating, and then look at the bill. These things do NOT add up.
The Melting Pot was a big disappointment. Yes, it was a unique dining experience but not in a good way. Our server was well versed and very nice but the food was not at all worth the price. I ordered the vegetarian plate which included about half of the things it said it would. The dipping sauces that accompanied the food weren't well thought out. My date ordered the duck and pork which had the same dipping sauces as the vegetables. The salad was something you would have gotten at any diner. It just didn't live up to the prices in my opinion. I left with over half of my dish uneaten. My date wanted to order a pizza when we got home. We wont be returning.
The wait staff was totally rude. The food was nothing to rave about considering the prices.
I can see why they closed for a while. probably will again soon. We tried to eat there. It was 6:10 pm, we didn't have a reservation. There was no line, nobody waiting and only two tables with people at them. Never the less we were told it would be minimum of an hour wait but probably longer. I understand that it is a slow paced dinner, but that is ridiculous. needless while we were deciding where to spend our dinner money not one other person went anywhere near the restaurant. I've eaten at the melting pot in other states, it wasn't ever that great to wait over an hour for, but at least they knew how to seat their customers. At least I won't feel the need to go back.
I heard some good things about this place, my honey took me for my birthday after Christmas and I was so disappointed. First thing we decided we did not want "the big night out" when we ordered just cheese the Waitresses attitude totally changed to a snippy rude attitude maybe because we weren't getting food...The things to dip in the cheese were horrible carrots that were too small to poke, bread that was old and crusty and apples that were soggy.I would not go back to this place ever; we will make fondue at home for cheaper :) I didn't get the chocolate that everyone raves about because we were so disappointed with the cheese.
If you want a proper meal, dont go hereIf you want good delicious food, dont go hereIf you want your food to be freshly cooked for you, dont go hereIf you want to feel hungry after your meal go hereIf you are a vegitarian, you will like it hereIf all you like is smelly unauthentic cheese, go hereIf you read this whole post, you get my point
Growing up, fondue has always been a tradition on Xmas Eve, something my mom reminded me and my dad when we were contemplating where to go after church on Saturday.  I've been there before and knew that they give you A LOT of food so I recommended we get a Wisconsin Cheese Trio and one entree (that comes with a salad).  We ordered drinks and waited.  And waited.  The waiter finally came out with the cheese plate after I hit the hostess stand for some candy to get me by.  The cheese was excellent, especially with the bread.  I was temporarily mollified with cheese and waited for the next course (Land and Sea).  And waited.  A person brought out a dirty pot and assumed that was an acceptable way to serve a very expensive entree.  I asked for a new pot and another person felt it was acceptable to wipe the pot with a dirty rag.  Rolls eyes.  The meat was good but not as much as it was in the past.  No dessert and we still rolled out of there full.  I was advised not to complain (bad karma) and left quietly.  Will not be back.  Hopefully a competitor of Melting Pot will hit the Las Vegas scene.  There were a few back in my hometown of MI that were just as good.
TOTALLY OVERRATED AND OVERPRICED.CONS)1) They lost our reservation after making it on the internet and calling.2) We then got seated in our OWN room that was basically DESERTED THE ENTIRE NIGHT with very little help.3) WAITER TROY acted like we were the biggest annoyance of his night Right from the very beginning.4) 20 minutes for 4 sodas and 1 drink from the bar.5) Once we got cheese, wait like 30-40 minutes to be asked if everything was okay.6) Daughter never got refill on soda - had to ask some random person standing out in another room. Also, never got my ice water, how hard is that7) Waited again like 30 minutes AFTER cheese just to do CHOCOLATE.PS - never take you toddler here - unless you and your little one can handle a 3+  hour MEAL FOR 2 COURSES!!!!8) Basically asked for check as soon as waiter brought chocolate - knew we'd never see waiter again.  We were right he came to COLLECT+++$170.00 for 2 courses -- 6 eating chocolate, 3 salads, and 4 eating chocolate.BIGGEST RIP-OFF around for the amount of food.PROS)  Good chocolate with yummy dippers.Unfortunately - we won't ever be back to this Las Vegas location.  I predict it too will close, just like the Henderson one did.  If the service stays that bad, how could it not.Sorry Melting Pot for the review. Super let down for us after planning it weeks in advance for our traveling company.
This place grosses me  out.   A pile of raw nest to share and I have to "cook" it myself    I know people love the concept but I'm just not a fan.   Aside from being bland...   There was no art to it.Fun night for the girls   Maybe.... If you drink enough.Culinary experience   NOT
Just had a question. Wanted to know what time their happy hour starts and ends. After going online the their mobile website I confirmed they have happy hour everyday. What time it tsarts and ends is not listed. Tried to call the restaurant and got a recorded answering advertisement that went on way too long. Hung up the phone without talking to anyone. Screw you. I will take my business elsewhere.
Not worth the money. I'd rather do this at home with a bunch of friends it would be way more fun.
Food was good. It was my mom's birthday. Service, however, went from fine to non existent to worse. Went almost thirty minutes without our server (Ashley) seeing us. During that time, we were out of drinks and the oil got so hot that it was bubbling and popping - enough so that a blob of hot oil burned my finger while it was clear back near my plate. What did the server do Nothing... She was nowhere to be found. We called for her and she did not come so we called for the hostess who seated us to come and turn down the oil. She kindly did so, brought us refills and apologized.When Ashley finally showed back up, we told her about what happened and without apology, her first utterance was to correct us and tell us that the hostess was not a hostess, but actually the manager. She then went on to explain that she got assigned another table clear on the other side of the restaurant. After she disappeared again for a while, the managerhostess came back and my mom suggested that they consider placement of tables for a single server a bit closer together. The manager went on to explain that they do that on purpose so you don't have to hear all the explanations over and over as new people are seated around you. We mentioned that the consequence in this instance was almost thirty minutes without any service. We had to listen to several more excuses such as how they staff based on the number of reservations, the high number of walk-in customers they had that night, etc. She asked what she could do to make the visit more enjoyable (isn't that YOUR job to know... given that restaurants are a service industry and you are the manager)After that, Ashley seemed pretty mad. She dropped off dessert at our table and was effectively giving us the silent treatment... No explanations of what any of the bite sized desserts were or any of the usual pleasantries. She provided only a caution that when the level of chocolate gets low, it might be extra hot, then ran off. The bottom line Expect the same good Melting Pot food here as you would at other locations.... Just not the same good Melting Pot service. We paid over a hundred dollars for dinner for two to be left to our own devices with a pot of hot oil and have to listen to a laundry list of excuses why the service sucked. And perhaps most importantly... Don't roll the dice on this place for a special occasion. Awful service can certainly put a damper on someone's birthday! I spent the whole ride home trying to get her mind off of it.
Where do I start... If you are looking for a fine dining Restaurant this is not the place to eat! I used to work as a chef in 5 Star restaurants, and when I go out to eat I expect to get the same quality food for the price. Since this is a chain restaurant, the quality has probably gone down hill over the years and that includes not only the quality of the food but the type of servers they hire as well. My husband and I ordered the four coarse meal for $40 per person and that included a small bowl of diced stale bread, raw cauliflower, broccoli and carrots and Luke warm cheese for dipping. Second coarse was a starter salad Third coarse was the main meal if you want to call it that, which included a plate of low grade quality raw meat.... They offer you chicken bouillon to cook it with, which tasted like top Ramen, so I know for a fact they don't make their own stocks. Once cooked, which takes a while to do, since the liquid is at a low simmer, I was still hungry after eating, since they offer a small portion of meat.I was so irritated that we did not even stay for dessert and our bill was over $100 If you are looking for quality food and a fine dining experience I would suggest going to a quaint family owned restaurant that  has integrity and passion for what they offer and genuinely cares about treating guests to a fine dining experience and not ripping them off!
There are a lot of things wrong with this restaurant and I primarily blame the people. I'm not sure why they have such attitudes. We had a reservation for 6 people for 5:45pm. My sister and her boyfriend arrived early and sat at the bar. We arrived at 5:45pm exactly and, even though the restaurant was completely empty, we were told "Have a seat at the bar and we'll seat you when we can." There were *3* people just standing around the desk in the lobby-- doing WHAT, I ask! Certainly not seating people-- no customers were within sight or earshot, except for a single gentleman sitting at the bar. Our waiter was... I don't know, exactly. Tart Mostly okay, I guess, but kept disappearing and kind of sarcastic. The bartender wasn't the warmest, either, but was mostly okay as well. The wine he poured was clearly from a bottle that had been open too long. The taste of old too-cold (reds don't belong in the ice box!) is unmistakable and displeasing. We had the "Fusion" choice on the "Night Out" menu. Even though we had six of us, 3 couples, we were only able to choose 2 pots of anything which resulted in reduced quantity and choices. Their restaurant and seating options should reflect their menu. We should have been able to have more variety. We chose the traditional swiss and featured "Mediterranean" cheese. We had two pots of coq au vin to cook our food and that was perhaps a poor choice since it was flavorless and discolored the food making it look more or less done (depending if it was chicken or beef) than it actually was. Speaking of doneness, this restaurant needs some timers or a simple clock on the walltable in view of every guest. Quite hungry, I kept taking my meats from the pot too early. We tried a variety of salads-- most were okay but the raspberry vinaigrette on the California salad was way too sweet. (Vinaigrettes are vinegar-based and are supposed to be tangy, not sweet and syrupy!!!) For the dessert fondues, we had raspberry chocolate and caramel turtle. The raspberry claimed to have hints of hazelnut but they were nowhere to be tasted. The caramel turtle was good but lacking enough pecans. And the dipping choices Fucking atrocious. The platters needed more fruits and bland dippers (i.e. pound cake) because who the eff wants to dip oreo-coated marshmellows and brownies in a pot of chocolate Well, okay, I do know some people but all the sugar is, quite literally, nauseating after all the rich food (cheeses, creamy sauces, heavily marinated meats). I had to ask for an extra bowl of apple pieces (from the cheese course) and additional strawberries . Dipping sugar in sugar is just..... ugh. I think the food is very overpriced for what it is. None of the meats wowed me. The shrimp weren't even deveined and the lobster was tough and not properly cut for cooking. The sauces were bland at best, with the exception of the pleasantly spicy cocktail sauce for the shrimp. The "curry" insults curries everywhere, to be certain. The coq au vin was flavorless. The negatives are endless. Reservations are pointless, the staff needs a major attitude adjustment in addition to a lesson in customer service. I will not ever patronize this restaurant again.
I'd rather cook my next meal in bath water. This place is horrible. The service is bad. the wait staff do not speak English and are insanely rude. I'm Italian and can cook better than anyone in this pathetic restaurant, yet this nasty woman insisted on repeating how to use their stupid shabu pots. The "broth" tasted terrible. For those that haven't experience the Shabu style of cooking, it's basically like fondue-- only Asian. There's burners on the table and you cook everything yourself. one of the many issues with this place was that the burner controls are strategically placed so that you'll either bash your legs and knees on it every time you move. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. There are far to many restaurants to go in Vegas, bad service and bad food is not tolerated! I couldn't get out of this place fast enough....
I am really surprised that the reviews are so great for this place.  I was VERY disappointed with the food.  The veggies were good, but the meat (chicken & steak) on the hot pot were really disgusting.  I am still not sure that what I was eating was actually beef, it had a flavor that just didn't resemble anything I had ever tasted and smelled awful.  I am really not a picky eater, but the food at this place was horrible.  As for the atmosphere, it was nice & intimate.  The waitress was kind and her service was fine.  We went in for lunch at prime time and there was only one older couple dining, I think this may be a reflection of their poor business.
717 630pm  Dinner - Party of 3 - How in the world did this get to a 4 star plus resturant So we order ACE 22 comes with seafood and beef.  I'm thinking this is going to be FANTASTIC because the reviews are FANTASTIC  OH NO!... We should have bought a chicken at Costco and boiled it . Would have been much than wasting our night  here. Water to cook with had some greenish gray chips in it If that is seasoning its not doing it. The waitress yelled at us when we put a little sauce in the boiling water. She said dont do that some customers dont like the smell. Im thinking is it time to walk out. Lets regroup here. I have been to about 50 plus shabu shabu places in the US and ASIA. I have never had to check my seasoning talents. The scallops chopped into tiny pieces WOW did I miss the TAPAS menu The Red napkins are like sand paper watch your mouth aka lips.  The crazy thing is my 2yr old son would not eat any of the shabu and he eats everything.  Maybe it was the huge fashion star high chair he was sitting in and didnt want to eat  But wait theres more the free ice cream comes with a powder you have to mix together... interesting! We will never go back for the $55.00 substandard soup treatment !  We make it much better at home with all the natural organic smell... I approve this message J K KOOL..
We made reservations for this place and when we got there, our table wasn't ready. We had to wait 10mins for our table. Once we were seated, we waited for 30mins and nobody served us even after repeatedly asking for service!! We walked out. Also the place looked a little dirty.
Unfortunately, my first ever Yelp review is in response to perhaps the worst dining experience I have ever had; which is saying something, considering I've probably averaged 200+ restaurant meals per year over the past 11 years. If this review was about the food, I'd have given it 3 stars - not great, not terrible. We had originally gone to this neighborhood to have some poutine at a neighboring establishment, but there was a significant outdoor wait in -20 Celsius weather, so we came here.  Perhaps the wait would have been a more comfortable experience.  My wife and I both ordered the "Chinese" style fondue - hers with chicken, mine with thinly sliced beef.  The sauces they gave us were just OK.  The cooking is up to you, the consumer, so you need to be careful or you may over or under cook your food.  The cooking broth was nicely spiced.  But the "service" we received was poor, bordering on hostile. I think the waitress was annoyed that we didn't order alcoholic drinks or upgrade to the "feast" option with our meal. After ordering, my wife asked our waitress for a water refill and then waited about 7-10 minutes before we saw her again.  We continued to wait for our food without our her checking in on us, until we flagged her down so that we could each get a refill of water.....we waited again for the food and the water (probably another 10 minutes) and I repeatedly made eye contact with this waitress, hoping she would at least bring us the water.  But she ignored us, while she tended to other customers....mind you, the water was sitting on a table 7 feet away, but it would be rudeinappropriate to fetch our own water, so we didn't. When she finally served us our water and the meat (but not the cooking broth) portion of the meal she was extremely curt when I asked if she knew when the broth would arrive.  Anyway, eventually the broth did arrive and we had an OK meal, but by that point our dinner had been pretty much spoiled.  We would have ordered two portions of their probably delicious, but overpriced ($10) chocolate fondue and given her a nice tip had our experience been different. Throughout this ordeal, my wife and I were completely polite and did not say anything cross to our waitress, so I seriously don't get why we were treated the way we were being treated.Alas, we asked for our check and got a somewhat hostile explanation that we couldn't put a gratuity on our credit card.  It's just as well, because it made it easier to leave her a $1 cash tip that was probably $1 too much, and a note about the hostile service.
We came here around 7:15p tonih we walked in and read the sign that said to seat yourself and we did. The man behind the to go order counter area clearly saw us walk in... we waited,  and waited. For about ten minutes we waited for something... anything,  we got nothing... completely ignored. We left, I wonder if the people who went in as we were leaving got the same treatment
I am disappointed to say that the customer is not first nor right at Princess. They have forgotten who keeps them in business, it is paying customers. The buffet last night was horrible...picked over, nothing left and the staff (family) on duty could care less, because THEY ate first!!! When I asked for it to be replenished, their response was, "Kitchen's closed, sorry. " This was at 8:15 pm, the buffet started at 7:30!!! I am sorry to say, I will no longer be making the 20 min drive and giving my business to this once great family owned business. Unfortunately the service has diminished greatly with the passing of the owner. He would be ashamed how his staff (family) treated their guests. This has been the 2nd time in as many weeks. Sad...because I really enjoyed the food. I hope they figure it out quickly, because at this pace, they won't be around to carry on the family business.
I am disappointed to say that the customer is not first nor right at Princess. They have forgotten who keeps them in business, it is paying customers. The buffet last night was horrible...picked over, nothing left and the staff (family) on duty could care less, because THEY ate first!!! When I asked for it to be replenished, their response was, "Kitchen's closed, sorry. " This was at 8:15 pm, the buffet started at 7:30!!! I am sorry to say, I will no longer be making the 20 min drive and giving my business to this once great family owned business. Unfortunately the service has diminished greatly with the passing of the owner. He would be ashamed how his staff (family) treated their guests. This has been the 2nd time in as many weeks. Sad...because I really enjoyed the food. I hope they figure it out quickly, because at this pace, they won't be around to carry on the family business.
I was raised Catholic (but no longer practice), and have always been fascinated by relics and the stories of saints--so I was really looking forward to our tour of St Anthony's. BEWARE: I can't speak for their other guides, but the gentleman (a lay person, not a priest) who "led" ours was far more interested in haranguing the crowd on the nature of TRUE believers, the infallibility of the Catholic faith, and whether we'd all found our "charisms" - the gifts we needed to be using if we were going to be saints, too--than showing us any relics. After an hour of his sermon--and nary a single fact about the hundreds of relics that surrounded us--we left. What a disappointment. What a huckster.
If you plan on getting married here please ask them what their rules are regarding wedding photography and videography before you book.  They have very strict rules here and your hired professionals will have severe limitations on where they can be and what they can do.Unfortunately I see this kind of thing all too often and the church's reason being that they want to "preserve the sanctity of the ceremony and the religion."  Meanwhile guests are taking video and photos with their smart devices.  If churches, like this one, wanted to preserve the sanctity of the ceremony than their rules should apply to all, not just the people hired by the couple to be there.
Rules made by men. Check them before you book this church to get married or any other event. Their restrictions are far beyond respect and more on the ridiculous side. Stay away from this church.
This place screwed me on the on the check and refused to do anything to take care of it. I have never in my history of dining out been to a place that did that and didn't care about their customers.
Here is my second bad review I have written and oddly enough it for another Sharpe Edge location.  See my review of the Brasserie  in Peters Township to learn of that most embarrassing situation. I have been a fan of the Sharp Edge since the mid 1980s when my friend Scott and I went almost weekly for about 5 years and enjoyed tasting what was at that time the only wide ranging beer taps in Pittsburgh.In the past year I have had bad experiences at three different Sharp Edge locations.  In this review I will only discuss the extremely embarrassing situation at the Creekhouse.Wow what a mess this was.  First, the server never came around, often waiting 15 minutes for him to acknowledge our existence.  Interesting that the manager finally started waiting on when we complained, but he was no better.   I ordered an appetizer for my wife since she was coming from work and asked for it to be made immediately. After another 15 minute wait he stopped by again and asked if we wanted the appetizer to go in  We were waiting insufferably long to get our drinks refilled and quite frankly, ignored. Of course they also have the NEW policy of no samples for beer.  Another reason o go elsewhere for your $8.00 beer.  My friend had called around 4:30PM to learn if there was a lenten fish special, the person on the phone told about the $11.99 Friday Fish special.  When we got there we learned from the manager that the special was only for lunch and that we would be paying $15.99 for the fish.  He went on to tell us that "no one would have told you that the special was $11.99 for dinner".   I truly enjoy being called a liar by the manager in front of friends.  We paid our bill and left and went up the road on 60 to Butyas where the fish sandwich was huge and delicious and the server was awesome!   By the way, no one called us liars there either!    A quick note on their food.  I have never been a fan of their food except for the white pizza.  In recent years they have industrialized their food, pre-making it in a central kitchen.  It is substandard even by basic bar food standards and   it is EXTREMELY overpriced. Sorry Sharp Edge, no more second (third) chances.
Fool me once, shame on you.  Fool me twice, shame on ME!  I had stopped in to this place with friends to have a drink, and despite being a little put off by the servers, I came back because they usually have a really nice selection of beers.  My first mistake was to order anything from the kitchen.  My second mistake was to take my wife there and meet with some friends, and order something from the kitchen.  Bottom line - the kitchen, the people who plan the menu, the wait staff, and probably the kitchen manager are basically clueless about food and food service.  If you want to try an unusual beer that you have never tried before (beware, some of them are pretty nasty and they no longer seem to want to give you a "sample" cup before you order) and you don't mind spending a LOT of money for an unusual beer, by all means stop by and check out.  Just do yourself a favor and don't come hungry!
Are you kidding me There is so much potential for a classy, Belgian beer atmosphere here, but it appears that the owners are just out to make a dollar. Yes, they have happy hour specials, but that's the only time when Belgians are actually affordable, seeing as they charge between 9 and 12 dollars for a 10-12 oz. glass. They have late nite food specials as well, and the food is again, only worth it after 10 pm. The bites are served on a fiesta ware plate, bare and never cooked correctly, not done or overdone. They charge for ranch or blue cheese-reallyNo, let's talk about the service. COMPLETELY UNDERSTAFFED. ALL. THE. TIME. Believe me, I've not just been there a couple of times. This brings me back to the comment about the owners only wanting to make money. Sharpedge Creekhouse, you're doing it wrong.
My boyfriend and I went here on a Sunday night and we had a buy one get one coupon. I was able to get a salad, and he got a fish sandwich. The bartender was our server, and he was able to man the bar and tables. Everything was awesome. I am a very picky eater, and he was able to order the food for me the way that I wanted it. We recently went back and sat on the patio hoping to get the same kind of service. When we presented another coupon, the waitress obviously wrote us off. The funny thing is, is that with a coupon we are better tippers! We were forced to order off of a limited (more expensive) menu. I asked to have my food cooked plain, without extra calories from dressing and sauce, and no matter what I tried to order, it could not be modified. I ended up getting the Mahi, which if I didn't need to watch my weight would have been delicious. However, with medical issues, I am unable to eat certain things. The waitress told me that it had to be cooked in the soy marinade, but on top of that, it was loaded with an alfredomayo kind of sauce. Talk about calories galore! I tihink that she told the chef to pile it on. I ate none of it. The atmosphere is nice, and the beer list is okay if you like Belgium beers. They do not offer anything light except for Amstel Light. The server tonight had way too many tables, and seemed to focus on larger groups. We have decided to "write the restaurant off." We have both worked in the restaurant industry for many years, and we were dissapointed in the date night experience. If my meal wasn't half price, I would have sent it back, and I have never in my life complained about a meal.
For the record, I don't like anything about this place - the food is bad & overpriced. The beers are terribly overpriced. The service is awful & the building is a gross, dirty old house. But in addition to all of that, I have the following complaint:My brother was there last night & they didn't give him back his debit card. He discovered it was missing at 8pm. He called Sharp Edge at 8pm & then called them again at 10:30 pm, before getting on his Greyhound bus to head home. They told him that they looked & that they did NOT have it. Then he gets a call from Becky at 1am telling him that OOPS, they do have his card! But now he's not in Pittsburgh anymore. So Becky tells him to tell ME to come & get it the next day, that they would have it at the bar. So the next day, I leave work early, drive 30 minutes OUT OF MY WAY to pick up his card. I get there & some dude with a black beard tells me I can't have the card, it's the law. Only my brother can pick it up. I don't think that's true but even if it is, then why was I told to come & get it No apology for wasting my time either. I was told that they can cut it up for me & throw it away. Great, thanks! And now my brother has no access to his money for 7-10 days while he waits for a new card. Nothing but complete incompetence all around from these people.
I've been here several times and I like the food.  Mussels and frites are good.  Don't ever order the Ragu Bolognese.  It is by far the worst dish I've ever tasted.  Seriously, after a few bites, I had to push it to the end of the table.  It was runny and watery.  The flavor taste like crap.  I can't believe such a bad dish exist at this place when their other food is good.The last time I came here it was for my birthday.  My two friends never been here before.  They graciously paid for my dinner with a credit card and I ended up leaving a 15% cash tip.A few days later, my friend called me and told me that Point Brugge overcharged her.  She was over $8.  When my friend called she was told that $8 was written on a tip line.  The total didn't even match the cost + tip.   They said there is nothing they can do because they have to go by the receipt (even though it was obviously written in after we left).  They still said they can't do anything.  I understand they have to go by the receipt.  However, this leave us no opinion other than that our server or someone else wrote in an extra $8 for themselves and management is fine with their servers writing in their own tip.  They might be super nice but end up adding their own tip to your receipt.  Keep a copy of it, take a photo with your phone, and don't leave the tip line empty.  Be sure you fill it in no matter what.  You don't want to get robbed by one of the workers and management.
I have in the past loved this place--but WHAT-SUPthe floor was dirty, the service slow and unattentive --if the waitress had ever asked I would have told her  the food was cold and tasteless--and that was the 'special' !!despite this the place was packed so i guess they are resting on their laurels... too bad.
After waiting 30 minutes for a table, I was told by the server that they were out of the one item that Point Brugge is known for, their waffles. Imagine my disgust when I had driven across the city of Pittsburgh for this famed menu item and didn't get to taste it!Considering I don't eat eggs or seafood, the only option left was French toast... From a Belguim place. Good one.
They don't take reservations and the hostess was rude and also inept. She seated a party of 2 at a 6 top table which meant the wait could have been even longer. Wasn't worth it. There's lots of good restaurants in Pittsburgh that take reservations andor know how to seat people effectively. Go to one of those.
The food is poorly prepared.  The beer is good, the kitchen needs a makeover.  I've dined here twice in the past week, and have had extremely underwhelming fare each visit.  A sandwich:  dry bread drenched in mayonnaise with possibly the world's most overcooked bacon.  The soup:  thin, entirely without body or flavor, with a hint of cinnamon.  The duck:  every last bit of character was cooked out of this unfortunate creature----quite possibly the most overcooked piece of meat ever served at a dining table.
My finance and I were on Monroe and starving. I heard great things about this place. We walked up and no one was there. We decided to sit at the front window. Great little place we thought. Ordered our food. And waited, as people piled into the restaurant, everyone working was super attentive and kind. Directing people to the few tables that were left, they were efficient and quite lovely. After waiting for what seemed like forever, I had to use the restroom. This should have been my first sign. Not only did the bathroom stink to high heaven, but shit was falling off the walls. It was dirty and quite nasty. I felt like I would never escape or be the same after that bathroom. But you really can't judge a place on the bathroom. RightWe heard the chef bell ring multiple times and each time reared our heads like Pavlovian dogs. Finally, our food came. I ordered an avocado blt. I immediately tore into it, and it was fantastic! Nueske's bacon, perfect amount of everything. Just perfect. Until...yikes what is this...a hair! Eieeeiei!!! If there is one thing I cannot handle in my food it is hair. So I slowly pulled it out and showed my finance. He knows me, so he said please do not puke right here. I held it together and put it in my napkin. I knew I would not eat another bite. Then suddenly as he was devouring his food, he sees it, not just one but two hairs. He decided to keep eating, yes it was that good. He ate around them. He left the hairs to show the waitress. When he pulled them out they were so long and cooked entirely with the food, I had to excuse myself because I was gagging so hard. Previous to finding not one, but many hairs in our food on both dishes, we were discussing how this could be our new go-to place for yum. After that, well I cannot eat there again.  I would recommend the restaurant investing in some hairnets. Their food is good, but not hair worthy. The waitress was a sweetheart about it, and I appreciate that. I would recommend it only if you don't mind what you may find in your food.
The food is over priced and not that good.  The beer selection is very good but for me that is not a draw.
The mussels were excellent. The french fries were mediocre, but the choucroutte (sauerkraut) was awful: large chunks of hard uncooked cabbage with carrots, potatoes, and, admittedly some slices of sausage all floating in warm water. It ruined our evening.Ed
Three of us went here on a Tuesday evening at around 6:30. We were greeted by the hostess and shown to our seats. That was it. 15 minutes later after no one aknowledged that we were there except for the hostess who kept on sneaking into the kitchen and coming back out pretending not to chew on something.We slowly got up and left. No staff even noticed.I can understand if they were packed, but not even close.
Horrible!!! The worst service EVER!!! Went there on Monday Dec 8th around 9 pm and the waiter was extremely rude all night!!! Normal food, overpriced! But the worst service!!!! Hope the boss can read this and really do about it... The waiter ruined my brother's b-day!
The food has gone downhill. We ordered French Onion Soup, Nachos, and Chicken Wings. I know, I know, we should have ordered the muscles, but come on - this stuff was on the menu, if they don't want people to eat it, don't put it on the menu. The French Onion Soup was 40% cheese, and so sweet - eyes closed - it could have been a caramel macchiato. The wings weren't the worst, but just weren't 110th as good as they were last time I was there. They tasted like rotisserie chicken. The nachos - let me just say this about nachos - if the salsa you put on it is actually curry sauce, you need to put that on the menu in giant bold letters. They call it cheddar beer sauce - but again, eyes closed - it's butter chicken sauce. Which isn't bad per se, but what it does to nachos is bad. It makes them into a soggy corn mash about 2 chips down.The beer cocktails were kind of alright, and the service was ok. You know, just don't eat the food, because it's super gross.
Visited this place with a few friends and one of them found it via Yelp reviews. She said it was decently reviewed so she made reservations for 7 of us. We arrived 8 minutes late and I know this stuck on the restaurant staff's minds.We were seated in a nice outdoor area with stone walls. A picture of the outdoor seating area can be seen here. The restaurant wasn't that full and it seemed like we caught the later half off their busier times. We were then greeted by a waitress in which we asked questions about their beer menu. My group is very friendly which is why it perplexes me on why her replies were very snobbish and it included multiple eye rollings.Yes, we were tourists from out of town and there were difficulties understanding the menu, but I've been to a few other countries and never had this kind of problem being from out of town. Questioning the menu here is not advised.We ordered appetizers which were the escargot and the salmon tartar. Both were good but after the appetizers were done there was a half hour to one hour wait for our food to come out. We asked repeatedly when our food was coming out and they kept saying in a few minutes. Meanwhile, many guests that arrived later than us had their food before us. When we kept asking for when our food was ready, the staff's attitude became worse. We then asked for the check and told them to forget the food because we already had enough with the wait and the treatment from the staff. The manager came out with no apologies stating that since we ordered appetizers it would take longer for our food to come out. Then she begins to say that since we made the reservation at 730 and arrived late, which we interrupted that wtf does that have to do with anything. Is their a punishment for service because that. And 8 minutes Come on. We were tired of explanations so we just asked for the check, so she clapped her hands as if wiping her hands clear from out mess. That is poor attitude and treatment towards your customers. One of the waiters comes back and gives us our check and tells us that "don't worry, I'll be sleeping well tonight". Okay. Thank you for showing me thee very worse dining experience I've had in my life. Not worth the gratuity fee they add on to the check. I would never go again here, obviously, nor would I recommend this place to anyone else. I would even advise walking on the opposite side of the street of this establishment.
Now closed.
Been a while since we posted. Haven't been too many places recently.I was headed to a local lunch spot downtown earlier than usual due to a 12:30 meeting (12:30 seriously) and this was the first place we found that was serving lunch to the 1st lunch period crowd (remember those poor kids in elementary school that pulled the short straw and ate lunch at 11 AM - that was us that day).Now I am not a drinker.  My dog imbibes more than I do, so the beer list was kind of lost on me (besides, I always think it is bad mojo to go into a meeting after lunch and wreak of anything, especially alcohol).My CW and I were the first to be seated - maybe that was our mistake.  She ordered the quiche of the day and I ordered a sirloin burger w sweet potato fries.Her salad was okay.  Nice greens although not much else going on in it.From there, it went straight downhill.  When CW's quiche arrived, it was lovely to look at - leeks and andouille sausage - and cold.  Not warm, not cooler than you would prefer. It was flipping cold.  So she explained that to the waiter who took it back.  Then she waited and waited and waited.  Expecting it to be nuked, this was taking quite a while.When he brought the plate out, it was a new piece of quiche - he explained that when they tried to heat up the original piece, it crumbled so they made a new quiche.  As a former waitstaff (waitress but trying to be PC here), I would have stayed around and made sure that this piece was more to her liking. But he bolted. And - you guessed - this piece was equally as bad.Now I know - you are going to say she was picky.  But I actually touched the quiche to allay my fears and it was flipping cold.  My guess The quiches were either chilled or frozen and they didn't know how to reheat them.  She ended up with a 12 of a chicken salad panini with dried cherries although I will be darned if there were any dried cherries in it.  So CW is going vote this bistro off the island.My lunch  I ordered the Brew-a-Burger Sirloin rare.  When it came, I don't think it was much warmer than CW's quiche - yes, I order it rare and expect the inside to be warm but I also expect the outside to be hot which it wasn't.  The cheese sat on the top and never softened, let alone melted.  I also expect a rare burger to be flavorful without the addition of much else - and it wasn't.  About 12 way through, I almost wondered if they had given me a ground chicken burger in error.  At that point, I figured it was not worth pursuing. Should they have given CW a free lunch  Or a GC for a free lunch upon a return visit  Doesn't matter what they should have done as they did nothing - the bill arrived and was paid as expected.All in all, it was not a great food experience.  I don't think we will be returning for lunch anytime soon. Was it a bad day for the kitchen  Did we arrive before they were really ready to serve lunch  Not sure but, either way, when you spend $25 plus tip for lunch, I think there are better places to drop it.  Pity the kitchen staff cannot live up to the restaurant's name.
Looks appealing on the outside... and happy hours are quite crowded here.  However, after the rudeness of a bartender with tattoos, plugs in his ears, and who is balding, I won't be back.  OK, OK, I mean I know the SixersCeltics game was on... and maybe he wanted to be in character for the game, but did he really have to act like he was from Philly while he was serving us  Jeez!  Anyway, we sat down ordered our beers.  My friend got his change thrown at him at the bar and the bartender seemed to be annoyed that we happened to be ordering beer... at a bar...  I asked him if they served fries (as I thought I had had them there before).  He promptly replied yes, and walked away.  What a jerk.  Nonetheless, beer selection is great here, and that's the only reason this place has one star.  Definitely plenty of other decent bars in Downtown to patronize.  Do not go here.
The Sharp Edge Bistro on Penn is definitely not the Sharp Edge I love in Friendship.  This place is obnoxious, full of attitude, and not nearly as well versed as its counterpart.  My coworkers attempted a happy hour here and had a heck of a time getting any of the waitresses to give us more than a dirty look.  We finally asked if it would be easier for us to be served at a table on what appeared to be the 'dining' side of the restaurant, which was empty.  Unfortunately, the empty dining side left us with a larger bill but only slightly better service. I'll be hopping the bus back to the Friendship Sharp Edge for happy hour from now on.
Service was mediocre at best. Food was incredibly poor quality: literally had a freezing cold French fry served to me. The only thing they have going for them is good beer selection. Thus, one star for the beer.
I am giving one star solely for the decent beer selection. Food is some of the most disgusting I've come across anywhere. Belgian my a**.  Frozen fries common at any truck stop across the nation.. Minuscule supermarket mussels. Everything drowned in gross butter. Really, a god da*n stale wedding dinner roll for the bread All for the low price of $15! Lol. Thank goodness I'm not from Pittsburgh. If you want solid (edible) Belgium food check out Taste of Belgium in Cincinnati or Columbus.  Pennsylvania folks should be embarrassed.
The service here was horrible. It was an extremely slow lunch and everything took way too long. The food(just sandwiches) took forever. My chicken salad panini was ice cold. When I told my waitress she said it was "supposed to be cold". Nevermind that I've had the same sandwich at the East Lib location and it was toasty and melted. Quiche was completely cold too. The waitress sat at a table we could see her at and bullshitted with her coworkers instead of ever checking on us.Terrible gross food. Overpriced (but great selection) of beers. Just go for the happy hour beer.
They served left over pasta. Yes it came out of portioned zip locked bags. Sauce was absolutely not fresh, nothing was! With the amount of great restaurants in montreal that serve fresh food, it hurst to pay for less than passable food. Stay away!!
Ok, seriously, I gave this place 1 star but only because they have my favorite Irish Ale on tap - and they should because it's an Irish pub.  I suppose it would be an "okay" place if you want to hang out in a neighborhood bar and play pool andor video games and drink at a mediocre price.  I read on their white board that they have a live blues band a couple of nights a week (FriSat maybe), which, if they're decent, could be pretty cool.Anyway, let me walk you through my experience...It's Tuesday night and my friends want to go to a karaoke place.  Why they chose this place I will never know.  I was actually a little scared when we walked up.  Some of the patrons were outside smoking and they looked a little rough around the edges.  Now, I'm really not one to judge based solely on appearance, but...  I digress.The bar itself is laid back.  Wood paneling, some high tables, low tables, long bar with stools.  Plenty of room for big groups.  I would say there were a couple dozen people there which is pretty good for a Tuesday night.  I didn't visit the bathroom because I was scared to see what it looked like.The bartender was just ok.  I got my first drink (draft beer) pretty quickly.  However, when I went up to the bar for a second beer, the bartender was nowhere to be found.  I stood there for about 10 minutes.  She finally came back in after her smoke break and poured me a beer.  I still tipped her because that's how I roll.The karaoke was AWFUL.  The song selection was large, but I couldn't seem to find any of my regular songs, which are popular hip-hop songs from the current decade.  If you're into singing Limp Bizkit, Metallica, Pantera and other songs from way back in the day, this place is definitely for you.  You will be entertained by middle-aged obese men moshing next to their table and growling into the microphone, while the host either sings uninvited backup or makes out with her boyfriend.  But that's not even the best part.My friends and I wanted to sing a specific song and the host overheard us.  She said cool.  We tipped her (heavily) so she would move us up in the rotation.  We waited about 20 minutes.  Then, she came over and said she didn't have that song.  Surprise.  We asked her to move our other songs up in the rotation and she said no problem, but she did ask me to change my selection () for some reason.  I didn't and I really wish I could have gotten my money back.It's the most ridiculous karaoke experience I have ever had in my life and I won't be repeating it... ever.  I guess that's what I get for going to a local Irish pub to do karaoke!
Against my better judgment, I went to Pat Murphy's again. I mean, it's right around the corner from my house and they have Smithwicks on tap. Plus, my friends were going for karaoke and I hadn't seen them in awhile.Still a dump. Still lame. Still hate it.
Food poisoning alert. There is no doubt in my mind that this incident was caused by the order of potato skins I was served at this un-fine dining establishment. First off, the cook looks like somebody off the street, at least wear an apron buddy.    Now we are watching the games there and it's about 30 minutes after I eat 4 fairly large skins which I dipped in sour cream and the rumbling in the stomach started. Five minutes later, I was depositing those skins in their tiny toilet and trying to hold on while the games ended. Lastly, another stop was needed on way home to drop off some more skins. This place is full of local drunks, but a good watering hole (yeah literally). Go here to drink and stay away from all food. Also, it was 8 bucks for one order of skins. Why do places charge the same price for apps as they do for sandwiches. It's another sign of a clueless place with poor food and hygiene. Bad choice.
Denny's + a local dive bar = The Ole Brass RailThis place is nasty dog. Only had 1 beer here, but the poor ventilation left me smelling like greasy hash browns.  Was misled by the sign that indicated that this was a sports bar.   It's not, it's a sketchy dive bar in a sketchy area that for some reason specializes in breakfast food.  If you eat anything here, say your prayers before and after you eat.
First off let me tell you that my husband and I have been making this a regular stop about 8-10 times a month. When we have to go to a couple stores and we we stop there first to have a meal because it is across the street.  One I had worked till 3:30am and had not woken till about 10:30 am and When my husband said we had to go to a couple stores I suggested a stop for something to eat at what had been one of my favorite places. Good food, mostly nice service friendly atmosphere and seemingly clean. My husband always orders for me so he asked what I wanted. I told him I would like coffee with my food because I was cold  then I might have something after eating. I ate my taco's my husband ate his breakfast.  When the second person came around he asked if he could get us anything else. I asked for a rum and coke. he said something to the effect of he wasn't serving anymore drinks that day. We actually thought he was joking then he brought us the bill. I asked him again for a drink and he said I looked drunk. Tired maybe but hadn't had anything to drink that day. I paid my check and told him that we would not be back. He said, " who cares". He heard my husband order coffee from the other barmaid with my meal. My husband always orders for me. Point is that although they stay busy most times they just lost over $200+ a month because of his behavior. Maybe they should think to ask the person they took over for what the story was. Did my shopping and now I will go spend my money somewhere else.
I really don't know what people see in this place. One thing, it does have that old crusty bar feel. We went as a group for drinks and food. The initial drink service was pretty quick and the experience diminished from there. I ordered one of the starred items off the menu, the Reuben. Three words best describe the sandwich ... greasy and tough! Another person at the table ordered chicken fingers, they were so dry she only ate half of one. The last person at our table had a cheese quesadilla, it was cold and looked like it had been microwaved.  The astonishing thing, the waitress actually pocketed my change from my food order.  They do like their regulars though and seem to treat them well. I can't say I would recommend going unless you are dying to find a karaoke bar.  I know I won't be going back any time soon. Actually, the sandwich I ate didn't sit very well with me either.
Ok, we must have been drunk our first time there. We went back 2 more times and it was not good. The last time we were there we ordered the sampler platter that we loved the first time. The chicken was pink inside, and not slightly pink. My wife was in a panic that she'd be sick. The clientele all know each other, and you're either a regular or not, and if not, they're not friendly.
I wouldn't even give it one star if I didn't have to, I've gone to Bridgette's a few times. I had a good time the first night, but, noticed nobody in my party got to sing more than once. (I think it was a fluke that we sang at all) The second time wasn't even as great, we had friends from out of town with us that wanted to sing and some people in our party didn't get to sing at all. The last time I was there I was with a friend that's gay and he was treated like dirt in the bar. It's not a great neighborhood bar, it's a horrible place for karaoke (unless you're one of the karaoke dj's special friends), they aren't accepting of all types of people, and I had terrible service the last 2 times I went. I tried to give the place a chance, but, it's just not a good bar.
I went on Monday to go to a Karaoke bar, but there wasn't any Karaoke going on, there website says it goes on every night. It took 10 years for anyone to take my order, and when I asked what was good to eat I got a, It's all good, response. How does that make it easy to decide what to order Then I spent another few hours waiting for the check. The food was good, but it's just like any other food. Nothing special about it. I really felt like an outsider coming to this place. Not very welcoming. Maybe I should have gone on a busier night when the staff actually would want to work.
The karaoke host terry is the best but the girl karaoke host I'm not sure what her name is but she's more interested in putting her friends on before other patrons that have been going the bar for years hopefully she'll get replaced or realize that she needs to make the regular's a priority as well I always have a good time here but she makes me want to go somewhere else and come back when terry is there.
The karaoke host that is a short white bald guy sux!!!!!!He totally put a pillow so to speak on me and my husbands microphonesI have been coming here for years and all of a sudden this ridiculous karaoke hits shows up and ruins my entire experience! Even the other girl host says no one likes him and we for sure hate him
Well let's just start off by saying.. I don't drink I am just the dedicated driver. First bar I've been to that doesn't offer their DD's free sodas. With out the DD's there wouldn't be the drinkers. So that's a bad business move.  So on to the karaoke, the top hat guy plays the favorite game. That to is a bad business move. I was here with a party of about 25 drinking people.  Celebrating 2 birthday's and they came from all over the valley.  Had nothing but good things to say about this place but not no more. The group got their request in as soon as the karaoke got started. Well none of them have been called up to take the mic as of 2 hours into this. None are to pleased and now are leaving. Sounds like a big loss of money to the bar because they are taking their business elsewhere.
Well let's just start off by saying.. I don't drink I am just the dedicated driver. First bar I've been to that doesn't offer their DD's free sodas. With out the DD's there wouldn't be the drinkers. So that's a bad business move.  So on to the karaoke, the top hat guy plays the favorite game. That to is a bad business move. I was here with a party of about 25 drinking people.  Celebrating 2 birthday's and they came from all over the valley.  Had nothing but good things to say about this place but not no more. The group got their request in as soon as the karaoke got started. Well none of them have been called up to take the mic as of 2 hours into this. None are to pleased and now are leaving. Sounds like a big loss of money to the bar because they are taking their business elsewhere.
My friends and I came here on Saturday and I was really excited about it because I hadn't been to Bridgette's in so long. The night started off really well! My drinks were good, the nachos were to die for, and the karaoke was really getting going. My favorite song was being sung and I (stupidly) stood up on my chair (we do this at another karaoke bar that we frequently visit so it's a bad habit) and I was quickly told to sit down (in a very polite manner) by the manager. Naturally I sat down right away and apologized. I know she was just concerned about my safety. I had been sitting down for not even twenty seconds and I had one of my feet tucked under my bottom (I would like to stress that my bottom was still ON the chair) when another waitress named Mercedes came over pointing at me and said "sit your ASS on the chair." I was kind of taken aback. I was thinking "did I hear that right Is this real life" I've had interesting experiences in restaurants before but this one takes the cake. I've never witnessed anything so unprofessional in my life. She eventually came over and apologized but it was kind of forced and unauthentic. She then started talking about my friends and I in a negative manner to some friends she had there while she was still working and we were still in the building. I won't ever be back. I was really upset and, even more so, embarrassed. It ruined my whole night despite my best efforts to continue having a good time. A friend of mine was talking about wanting to have her bachelorette party there but after I told her this story she agreed that we won't be doing that.
They over serve.
Debbie Wouldn't serve a 100 percent combat veteran because I had a interim license from California. I had wallet last week in ocean beach, thanks for the understanding. Complete c.unt Thanks for making a veteran feel at home. I'm 30 on the 6th so I don't look like a kid, she wouldn't even let me sit at the bar. Classy
Catherine was not very pleasant, and had a very bad attitude. Maybe I'll come back, but probably not after that. Plenty of other bars to go to.
if you're on social security, or your kids and grandkids have left you alone for the weekend ... you should bring your AARP  card... yes you will still have to pay a $5 cover ..... but.... dont worry the smell of the B.o., Vicks,  and Tacos will surely either send you to the promise land or Revive the dead
Been to the place a couple times now...staff is OK other than a few people who take bar conversations more seriously than customers...but I digress.  Prices are a little steep for what's considered a "dive bar".  As far as a live band venue goes, young bands may want to stick with the either known or upcoming scenes in tempe.  Chances are, if you play at cactus, you or your friends may get in a random fight with a drunk regular but that's what the bar is.  Its a local, regular patrons only dive bar.  Just my advice and overall feedback.
This place is not only a filthy dive bar but the waitresses are obviously getting kick backs from the cab service they employ. We walked in and they wouldn't even serve us until we committed to catch a cab even though we walked their and hadn't even ordered a drink yet. Don't go there unless you are in to stinky, dirty bars that have no respect for regular customers. We will never go back again! It's a dirt hole of a place.
UGH. This is one of the worst places I've been to. Ever. I probably would have liked it when I was underage, but that's about it. Yeah, yeah, I get it, it's like three or four different types of "clubs" under one roof. But you know what They all SUCK. I came here a few months back for a friend's going-away party. Couldn't wait to get home. Pools of foam, bucking bulls, karoake, a 'hip-hop' floor filled with the crappiest top-40-rap you've ever heard. Wow. I couldn't believe it was possible for a place to suck this bad.And what's with the name, anyway Who is this Graham
apparently they do not allow any hats or head gear unless its a cowboy or a baseball cap. Apparently they reason for not allowing a fedora  or a workers cap is it is representative of  "Gang"  paraphernalia. So I assume people who wear fedoras or worker caps are part of some gang however people who wear cowboy hats never congregate or that any "gang" members ever wear these head garbs.When I asked what is their policy for Sikhs who have to have a turban as required by their religion, they spat saying that there was no such religion and that person would be promptly thrown out for "gang" affiliations.So much for religious tolerance and sense of good fashion. Maybe I should wear a cowboy hat with MS 13 imprinted on it, but then I might be afraid that MS13 members might hunt me down for wearing a cowboys hat with their name on it
Man oh man do I wish I could give negative stars. I was visiting Arizona from LA with some friends and we decided to go out. Mind you, I go to country bars out here ALL the time and they're incredibly fun. This place was a DISASTER!!!! I have never been so baffled by a crowd or music. We went into each room hoping for SOME sort of normal music or crowd, but it just did not exist. I was absolutely stunned and almost in a culture shock. I go to hip hop clubs in LA ALL the time and they are never as dirty or as rowdy as the dance floor at Graham's Central Station. My goodness! They even charge an entrance fee. HILARIOUS. The door guy claimed I go there ALL the time, and when I told him it was my first time, he didn't believe me. These people are nutso. A friend of ours was supposed to meet us there, but LUCKY him, I told him to stay far far away. *sigh* It was quite an experience. One I wish and hope that I will never ever have to live through again.
Well Im gonna be fair and only share my experiences with the TRUTH!I use to go every wed night after work with co-workers when they had 25 cent watered down cheap drinks.. which was fine, im not much a beer drinker so i suffered a little.  anyways the girls who were at the bars seemed to be acting to busy to attend or got a lil pissy if we only tipped a dollar for a brew. :-  Also MANY MANY times I had arguements with the front door bounce, who seemed to be a new guy every dam week.  well they would ask me to "Bend" my hat! And of course i gave em a smart remark,  I would reply " Bend it like a taco" !Many times i would just suck it up and bend it a little bit to satisfy Lurch at the front gate, than of course fix it once inside, besides he was never gonna see me again. Than at times they would say that my pants are too baggy!  for one i dont wear jeans EVER and i only wear dress clothes, so I replied saying "Well im fat"  they claimed they were to baggy, so yea a few times i went and just changed my shirt and returned with the same F*in pants and walke right in.  LoLAlso when i would argue about my pants or hat, there would be people and i dont mean to pull the race card but  Anglo's would be there with those ripped up Dback hats you buy that are pre-washed and pre-shitty , tore up and they were Ok with that!!  WTF  or guys would come in with shorts and filp flops and They walked ritght in!!! WTF .   so basically I felt that i was being judged for my looks,  Granted Im mexican, It doesnt mean im in a gang, SERIOUSLY!!!!!So after MANY TIMES of argueing over my clothes, hats, and even my kangol hat wasnt allowed in, and my Kangols are classy and pricey,  but NOPE NOT ALLOWED AT THE TIME!!!Well after many times of calling up Corporate office in TX and letting them know how i was being treated, it seemed they loosened up a little I Guess, I did go about 2 months ago , and I went in with my Kangol and to my surprise they let me in, wow!  And a few guys in there had there hats,  so it does pay off to get people attention, it does pay off to stand up for yourself, especially if your gonna spend money week after week , months after months..   I mean a hatKangolFedora, baggy pants doesnt mean your in a gang. that just F*kin rediculous!!   I only went because a friend invited me and offered to pay for everything, other than that I havent had a reason to go throw away my money there..  after all you want to feel like your welcomed, NOT OUTCASTED.   I NEVER WEAR JEANS, I DONT WEAR GANG CLOTHING, AND I DONT CAUSE TROUBLE,   SO IF YOU GO, I SUGGEST BRING AN EXTRA PAIR OF CLOTHING IN THE CAR WITH YOU, CAUSE WHO KNOWS WHAT KIND OF ATTITUDE AWAITS YOU AT THE DOOR  :-   "just saying"
The lady bartender   who sounded like a man, appeared to be drunk and had an attitude.. All I wanted to know is if I paid her for both drinks.. She said really. Hymned and Hawed irritated she had to look for my tab. She kept saying her whole family are red heads and they are nothing.. She was the manliest rudest female I've encountered.Not going back ever....BTW I was right. She only.charge me for one drink..I knew it! Ha
Been living here for many years.   Sports bar with betting, usually fun but since proximity to ghetto can become unpredictably dangerous even though staff tries their best. Owner cane in and yelled at his staff infringement of patrons. . Kind of unprofessional but it is a kind of a dive.  Not for family or dates.
OMG.....do not eat here! Food is horrible. Food taste like it's been sitting there for 2 days. Blah Blah Blah in taste. I asked for ice for my soda and the ice tasted like they scraped it from the freezer, ice taste like dirt! They fried the cheapest fish, not even tilapia. The only thing worth eating was the chicharon bulalak (yeah i know spelling). Save your 7.99 and go to Nany Glorias or Joy's on East Charleston.I should of known the food stunk especially when there was only 1 person eating the buffet. If you want to have the runs for a week, then i suggest you go to EPOY's......yuck! truly disgusting!
I was very surprised by all the high marks this place got.  I just recently went here with my hubs and mom.  We were very disappointed on what we got.  We went here by chance because we needed to eat, I didn't exactly know where Seafood City was, and I didn't want to drive up and down Sahara.  Coming from SD and I have many selections of different turo turo (point point) places and never really came upon a place that wasn't good.  So I didn't think much of this place on not being good.  There were ppl inside eating...First off, they make you get a tray.  The tray I got smelled like it was wiped with a wet dirty towel.  It had a disgusting sour smell and I didn't understand why they wanted ppl to eat with it.  The guy behind the counter was pretty adamant on us getting a tray.  I got the tray, but I didn't want to put my food down on it.  SO GROSS!What I got:I decided on their beef steak.  The guy asked if I wanted sabaw (okay, the sauce) on my rice, heck ya!  I just wanted one entree choice with my rice.  Why it wasn't good:First, the rice.  It seemed like old rice they reheated and put too much water on because it got too dried out.  My beef steak wasn't good at all.  The sauce of the beef steak seemed too oily and it didn't taste fresh.  It also tasted like it was cooked a long time ago and just reheated.  They just looked like they cut up fresh onion and topped with it to look like it was recently cooked. What the hubs got:He got paksiw na lechon and sinigang na HALIBUT.  Yea, thats right, they put HALIBUT in with the sinigang.  I never had and now I know why.  If you're going to make any type of FISH sinigang...fricken make it with BANGUS!  I know they had bangus because they had one all fried up in the front.    Why it wasn't good:My husband is on of those filipinos who love really sour sinigang.  When he asked the guy if it was extra sour, the guy had no hesitation to say yes.  When hubs went to try it, the sabaw (soup) was barely sour.  He also agreed to not eat sinigang with halibut, it just didn't taste right.  As for his paksiw, that also tasted like it was cooked a long time ago and just reheated.  The sauce of the paksiw was way over powering and didn't taste that good either.What mom got:She also got the sinigang and she also got afritada.  I didn't taste it because I was already disgusted with my food and my husbands.  I doubt that tasted any better. I don't know if they were lazy to cook stuff for a Saturday evening and again and just reheated old food.  I surprised that so many ppl like the food from here.  But I will definitely not come here again and will make it a point to find Seafood City, because I heard there are more places to eat around there.  Ppl from Vegas or ppl visiting vegas...don't go here...seriously....your lolamomauntielolodaduncle or YOUSELF who know who to cook will be disappointed with the food from here.  THIS IS NOT HOW FILIPINO FOOD SHOULD TASTE LIKE!
This used to be my "go-to" place for Filipino food in Vegas but no more.  I went Thursday last week, ordered my 2 items + rice to go, and looked forward to eating in the peace and quiet of my hotel room.  When I opened the container, the 2 scoops of rice had the consistency of lumpy mashed potatoes!  REALLY.  Whoever cooked the rice used 2x the amount of water and w-a-y overcooked the rice so that there aren't even any recognizable grains.   C'mon, we're Pinoys!  Rice is sacred and should be the one thing we can cook consistently.  After all, how do we enjoy the soup or the sarsa in the dishes (even if it is just the oil from the lechon)  I was so disappointed.  How do you eat pochero (which was actually quite tasty) without rice  I kept hearing my Lola's voice "Hey, huwag mag pakpak!"  (LOL)  At least I had the upo dish as a veggie as balance but really - not the same. Oh, and this is not the first time I've had this rice problem.  But in the past, it was only slightly mushy.  This time it was BAD.  No way to redeem it.So, I'm gonna have to say 'ta-ta' to PP and try one of the other LV Filipino establishments.  It was a good 5-year run.
I went this restaurant with my Family and relatives...I think we were like 15 including the kids. I didn't enjoy the food. I have no choice since we were staying at Wynn Hotel and  since I only prefer Pinoy foods. I might as well eat rather than starve.
There's nothing quite like the feeling of chewing on glass. I don't recommend trying it but if you feel inclined - get an order of Lechon from Pinoy Pinay Filipino Restaurant in Las Vegas (northwest corner of Sahara & Maryland Parkway). I like Lechon to be crispy, but for my gums to be tender after the first few pieces, I threw in the white flag. I tried to pick apart the skin and go for the meat and fat, but it was dry and by then, I decided to just settle for the Pork Adobo, the second of my two item combo. The Adobe was not tender - the pork was chewy. Not enough vinegar. I didn't finish my Adobo either. I've been eating Filipino food all my life. Both good and bad. Pinoy Pinay made the latter list.
We went there for dinner and ordered Lechon Kawali, Beef Steak, Ginisang Sayote and Pork BBQ. Got Buko Juice and Melon Juice for drinks and HaloHalo for dessert. The foods doesn't taste close like what it is, the bbq among all is all I can say that tastes okay. The beef steak is kind of okay but not really good! Especially for the ginisang sayote, i can't eat it, strong foul taste comes from it. The Lechon kawali is not even as crunchy and the sauce is not as good. The halo halo is okay, the melon is too sweet and i think the buko juice should be called vanilla juice. I will never come back again to this restaurant.
The food here taste really spoiled and rushed. I can say they are a lot tidier than DJ but the food is horrific. You expect customers to eat here please make sure everything is fresh and quality.
I was craving Filipino food so this place was the closest place to where I was at. When I walked in I saw only 4 items available. Looks like the 4 items were sitting there for a long time. I ended up leaving without ordering anything. I went to another Filipino place downtown.
Very disappointed with facilityservice. Took  a long time to make halo halo.  My family and I were the only ones in the restaurant,  then we were told it was CASH ONLY. Food was set out like a buffet, unappetizing, dried, and old. Would not recommend this cafeteria styled restaurant.We were very excited to have a Filipino restaurant near us and my Aunt was really craving Halo Halo.  I read the reviews on Yelp and we decided to give the place a try.  The lady at the cashier was so unfriendly, by the time our halo halo's arrived, my aunt no longer wanted them.  I ended up buying 2.  They were average at best.I am beginning to think that the 5 star reviews were posted by friendsfamily.
These people are crooks! We made a deposit of $150 for a whole lechon order 1 week before the event. We got a call from them 3 hours before the party that there will be no lechon. What ever the circumstances were behind this failure, they should've informed us well ahead of time so we could've worked on alternatives.  So we decided to replace the order with lechon kawali, embotidos, chicken afritada and sisig, whatever will be worth the deposit we put in. They instead delivered only embotido, lechon kawali and as a gratis, the woman said she's giving us 3 pieces of crispy pata,  but, we still gonna owe them $50. I said why do we still owe you when you failed to do our order My husband didn't want any more confrontations, especially since we were at the church parking lot (another epic, they said they deliver, but they wanted to meet us at a closer location),  so he paid the $50 and the woman simply said there isn't anything else that she can do. Lesson to learn:  Do not order party foods from these people..The 1 star rating is only for the crispy pata sauce!
I came here this morning for sisig, but apparently the lady's husband makes it and he was out on a run, so sisig wasn't available. I also called around 5:30pm to try again and order sisig, but the lady who answered said they were closing. It says they're open until 7pm though Ugh... This place is not consistent. Terrible.
Service sucks!!! Waited 45 minutes for our medium size lechon kawali to go, and it wasn't even good! Servers had extremely bad attiude! Should have just gone to salo salo.
not coming back. tables are dirty, not maintained after customer leaves. food looks very fatty compared to other filipino restaurants. I couldn't even eat my kare kare because the ox part they gave me was all fat. this place is low quality.
Over- priced for filipino food.  $17 for crispy pata, $2 for a BBQ stick.
mediocre . . . . at best!!!
Unfortunately, the problem with this restaurant is that everything is precooked.  Went for dinner around 5:30 pm and the pancit was starting to dry out and the pork skewers were so hard and dry we had to wrestle them by hand trying to get them off the skewer.  Those were the only two things we had and we were very disappointed.  This place could be a lot better if dishes were made to order and unless they change we will not go back.
Been going to this place many times & I really love their foods.  BUT, an incident occurred last week that made me change my mind about this place.  A customer behind me complained that his BBQ chicken stick is cold.  He brought his whole plate to the counter and the server took the BBQ chicken out of the plate. She placed it back in the pan full of sauce with the other BBQ chicken sticks (ewww)! My sister & I looked at the server wdisgust!  Instead, of throwing the BBQ chicken stick that the customer probably touched and bit (how else would you know it's cold, right), she mixed it up with rest of the chicken that other customers will order not knowing what just happened!  I never thought this food chain will be unsanitary!  We told them they should throw it away but they didn't do such. My sister & I will never eat here again!  Talk about cheap; they're being thrifty!!!
Wtheck happened to this place!  :( Been going here since I was a teen and I always make sure I visit when I am in town. Why because I loveee their chicken BBQ stick, kare kare, and turon. Lets just say the quality of food has gone DOWN!! The rice is so watery or in other words MALATA. This on its own makes you lose your appetite. My kare kare was full of bones! I mean come on!!! Now the turon is just ok but not as good as I remember. Truly sad that they have changed..oh well what can you do =\
Thought I'd try a new Filipino restaurant in town, but I left very disappointed. Arrived at the restaurant and was immediatley greeted by the staff. We ordered the two meat plate wth pancit, pork adobo, and rice. When we asked for lumpia, we were told there was none left and to try again during lunch time. Next problem was that my girlfriend's pancit was cold, so the lady asked us if we wanted it microwaved. When we answered no she threw it in the trash, and gave us some more. The pancit was slightly warmer, but not much. The pork adobo was tasty, but all of the floating fat made me lose my appetite a bit. Rice was a little mushy but the banana lumpia was delicious! I also appreciate the lady not charging me the credit card fee to buy water.The restaurant had plenty places to sit but there were some serious sanitary issues. When I went to throw our food away, I noticed both trash cans were overflowing with garbage! I could not believe it. And being honest, I had to use the restroom before I left. Unfortunately for me I had to go 2 and there was no toilet seat! Unacceptable!Fiesta is a lot closer to me than other restaurants, with cheap prices and big portions. However, with all the sanitary issues we noticed, I'm skeptical.
This is the 2nd time I've been here and they ran out of BBQ sticks and Lechon Kawali by 5:30pm.  It's a popular item so they shouldcontinuously have it available from opening till close.  What a disappointment = \
If you like poor customer service, dirty restaurant, and bad food then this your place! I can't believe this place is still open. Their cashier is so rude and is always giving her customers attitude and dirty looks. If they have been in the business for a long time, then they should know that their customers are the only reason why they are still in business! So why treat them with such disrespect SMH! Oh, and don't even get me started on the food. Their beef Caldereta is filled with fats, and no meat. If there was 0 star, then this place for sure deserves it.
Food was actually good here, i USED to go here with my family all the timee, until they served my dad with bad "Bulok" crab, lols. It would have been fine if they handled it professionally and politely, but their waitress is just oh soooo RUDE! really bad service. If a customer is complaining about something you served and the customer is completely right with the bad food you served them in front of your face..DONT argue with the customer..We have not gone back to this place after that incident, plus it is ridiculously frustrating to have them give you dirty looks whenever you ask for a glass of water or something else. Such a waste... im pretty sure you'll find other great filipino restaurants in Vegas without having to deal with snobby servers.
For a sit down Filipino restaurant I expect better. The food is blah I will only return to try breakfast but other than that I'll stick to my buffet style places or home for Filipino food.
We are locals and reside here in Las Vegas.We had patronized Salo Salo Grill Restaurant in 2 separate times, the first one when they first opened- and the second time an hour before the restaurant closes.The first visit impressed us with their generous portion of grilled fish, and squid as well as our deep fried meat selections, although they were understaffed at that particular time, it was okay- we were hungry! The second time we went was a complete disappointment because there were 2 servers and cook and we ordered several items from the menu and with only like an hour before they closed- the waitress was not smiling and was in a rush taking our orders. When our order came- it was not  a generous portion in a large platter but like half that came in. Cost cutting We weren't finished from our late dinner, and they closed the check, not making it to our dessert yet. After this horrible experience, wherein the waitress wasn't in the best of mood to serve and get rid of us- we never got back anymore and will never recommend this place.Third visit which was today, April 29,2012- we came back because of a dear friend celebrate his birthday here.We hate to write a negative but it was worth to do so! So here it goes, even there was a reservation for about 30 people in a 24 hour basis there was no effort on their part to seclude us in a function room to which they are the exclusive caterers. They were slow and have no other events or other customers at 3 pm.Our group ended up in their usual area seating us in 2 long tables plus 2 regular tables- which was  fine. We are all hungry! But with this prior party  arrangement- only about 2-3 of their people were staffed to cook, cater and serve this exclusive event. The guests all had to ask for drinking water because it wasn't done along the course of our meal. It was given after several request and approaching their counter to get it  done! The  only one waitress busy was trying to push the sale of sago, gulaman and halo2 at the start the meal. The inihaw and the pinakbet was bland. What happened to the real cuisine from way back thenWhere's the friendly and hospitable atmosphere here that we expect as treatment  from our very own kababayans The service was slow ,no smiling and amiable employees fom amongst them at all! There was no interpersonal relation as greeting Happy Birthday to our celebrant friend and assisting them, in the flow of the party, to the lighting of our cake,The staff  seem so unhappy with their job- we work in the food, hotel and service industry that's how we know the tools of the trade. Give your customers pure, undivided and personalized attention and deliver the goods as expected and you have one happy customer!There was no welcome and thank you greeting from either of them from start of seating to the departing of the last guest.It was a complete nightmare in the 2 hour birthday celebration, as regards to our expectation and standards. You need to train your employees to offer more personalized customer service and interaction- to obtain more business and make your customers happy and come back! Because we will not recommend and come back to this place! After all, word of mouth is the strongest and most powerful advertisement ever!
Tip: DO NOT EVEN BOTHER TRYING THIS PLACE! I've heard good reviews about this place so my family and I tried it out. Boy, that was a mistake! My brother and I had a bad case of upset stomach!!! Really bad! Service was so disappointing. We had to wait 30 minutes before our orders were taken. This guy, I don't know if he was the owner, even said to us "at least you guys are sitting while you wait." Really Then, we had to wait an hour to get our food and when we only ordered four dishes! They charged us extra for some stuff we didn't order, and when we told the waitress she only said sorry! And the food was so BAD! Found strand of hair on the bulalo soup!!! Yuck! Never coming back to this place again! I dont even think this place deserves a star at all.
They were pretty good about "pre-bussing" the table but they did so with a chip on their shoulder as if they couldn't wait to get off work to go gamble their money away in the casino's. Because of this,  our table of 10 did not feel welcome at all. The food was "okay" at best.We came here because of a reference from a friend that the place was good. Boy, were they wrong.
With the new Update I can finally post this review that I wrote months ago and has been sitting in my Drafts, but as a Note we have been to Salo-Salo Grill a few times before and had lackluster experiences, this last experience in particular had forced me to share it with the rest of you. Mother's Day 2013: When we were sat down they said they Ran Out of Menus...I have Never been to a Restaurant where they Ran out of Menus, and it's not like this place sat Everybody all at the Same time. We waited a good 10 minutes before we even received one. My wife really wanted Filipino Breakfast, well their "All Day Breakfast" was Not Available, however we could still order the Longanisa separately, and then the Garlic Rice, but when we were ordering the Eggs they said they weren't cooking Eggs today, ugh! The Lack of communication is unbelievable in this place, especially one that advertises in their Menu with "All Day Breakfast". It's Freakin' Mother's Day for goodness sakes, Brunch is the Traditional Meal for Mother's Day, WTF!! Sadly we don't know any other Filipino Restaurants in Vegas that offer dishes like Log-Silog, Tap-Silog, etc. Things like this make me miss Daly City a lot! If ante does know any places in LV that do, Please let me know! Thanks for reading.
Well it was my mom's birthday and I thought this would be a good place to eat at. First off, the waitress are rude. Typical bitchy filipinas. Second, their food is way too expensive for a poor quality. It was gross and tasteless. It was such a disappointment going there. I should have picked DT's instead.
I found myself picking up food for my sister on they way over for dinner on Christmas eve. Since traffic was light, I ended up at the restaurant before my scheduled pick-up time. They informed me that it would not be ready early and to come at the scheduled pick-up time...This was fine with me.I ended up waiting the for over half an hour for my food to be ready. The women barely acknowledging my presence and running around like lost puppies wasting such valuable time did not make this unfortunate circumstance any easier to endure. Lack of training, or lack of brain I'll go with all of the above. The food also tasted like garbage.
On December 24th I CAME during my scheduled pick up. I had to wait for an HOUR. I don't care if other people were there but when you call and tell the food is ready during a certain time frame then have it ready for a certain time frame because I lost time to spend with my family because of you.    CashierWaittresses were slow. There were people there waiting but it wasn't like the line reached the door. So unorganized and let me tell you very rude. I can't speak tagalog but I can understand pretty well. I could hear "What do people expect when they place their order today, It's Christmas Eve this is what they get when they order last minute, etc". Hey let me remind you don't tell us to come over a SCHEDULED pick up time frame and not have our food ready. Perhaps this wouldn't have happened in the first place if you planned right.   This place has gone down hill. The food I ordered was horrible. Very tasteless and way too greasy. Whoever their buyer is for their food doesn't know what to order. By the way I was going to leave but they called my name and really for a Christmas Eve dinner this was part of the entrees. NEVER coming back.
This place is horrible, I tried it out for three times, the food is never fresh, the service is poor, they serve the food lukewarm, the rice was nearly warm, the BBQ was charred, I ordered the crispy seafood it was dripping in black greasy oils, my gf got the BBQ & the meat was charred, it also smelled like someone was smoking around the food with a cigaret, never going back to this place, Las Vegas needs better Pinoy restaurants, other small Asian restaurants offer a better experience than their counter part so called Filipino restaurant.
Scale 1-10,I give them 12.Due to the special occasion from our 20th Anniversary celebration with early reservation we did,they made it double booked in one small place.I think they take advantage on us because all of us is from out of town.also unfair from the other group.And the food is not that good scale of 1-10,maybe 2.Another thing busy weekend,with party reservation, men's restroom broken.Its good I always bring my sanitizer in my pocket.The date 8-15-09.
I've been here 3 times, not by choice, and I have not ever left this place happy. It's a late night hang out with karaoke, food and alcohol... You always expect, any place that has a karaoke machine, will have people who think they can sing or people that are so drunk that they think they sound awesome. I'd never return if it weren't for the people that we hang out with, I'd NEVER return here. My most recent visit was last night and here's the play by play... Right when you walk in, it smells like rotten eggs. There's is usually someone there, bouncer type person, usually LARGE and in charge. From watching the rumors, I've heard that they've had to to hire more security due to the "Fights" that break out there-- GHETTO. Then you're walked over to your table, keep in mind that the place is so dark. I get it, there's a dance floor and you want the lighting so low to hide the fugly-ness of your patrons but c'mon... You have a bunch of drunktards roaming around in this cramped restaurant, give the place some light! We were greeted by this grumpy, older Pilipino lady dressed in the most casual of clothes. She took our orders and brought over our food and that's it. Soo the services sucks booty. So, to deal with the music, karaoke and the dumb drunk people that go there, I drown myself in alcohol, which makes me visit the restrooms more times than I'd like. EVERY TIME I GO HERE, THERE'S ALWAYS SOMETHING WRONG WITH THE RESTROOMS. The first time I went there, there was water all over the floor, which I believe was from the toilets, ew! On my next visit, the toilet was broken and they didn't put a sign on the door to tell you "HEY! Don't pee in here... Or crap, cos it ain't goin to go where it needs to go!" This last time that I was there, the locks fricking didn't work in the stalls so I accidentally walked in on someone and then someone almost walked in on me, luckily I was holding the bottom of the door closed so, sorry, no free shows! Ok, the FOOD. I miss pilipino food, being from San Diego, there is a plethora of this cuisine to choose from. There aren't many selections here in the desert so I was SO disappointed in their food and the fact that good Pilipino food is hard to come by out here. I had the Tapsilog... First of all the rice had no taste... It had the look and smell of fried rice but it was in no way close to tasting like fried rice. The tapa looked like it was burnt to a crisp and-- you know how meat looks like if you fry it for too long Yep, that's what it looked like, gross and inedible. I was hungry and a little buzzed so I ate it anyway. It tasted like day old meat that they flash fried to pass off as fresh. It was horrible. And, my companions had the Tosilog... And ended up throwing up and having the runs. The next time that I receive an invite to go to this establishment, I am going to give them a BS excuse or flat out "HELL NO". Gross, gross food.
Despite the rave reviews about the sisig, I don't think I'll ever make a trip back here.The overall "ambiance" (if you can call it that) is not very inviting, in my opinion. It's dark, with minimal decor, and "party" style tables. The "bouncer" there was just chillin' at the bar, and the bartender was just as inattentive to any potential customers coming through the door.I went on a weekday at about 8 in the evening The only people in there was a group that consisted of about 4 older Filipino men, I'd say around... hmm mid 30s to early 40s, and a bunch of young girls... somewhere around their 20s Them,  and a middle aged couple. Anyways, I was having a good time with my 2 girlfriends, singing karaoke and such. I was stoked because I actually got the couple to slow dance when I sang "Crazy" by Patsy Cline. My friend Amber sang a Britney Spears jam, just so I wasn't hogging the mic... well, I was up there for the 3rd time, since uh, there was no one else in there, and our other friend, Maria didn't want to sing, then SUDDENLY, as I was approaching the last lines of "I Will Survive" by Gloria Gaynor the "DJ" cuts my song off, and decides to introduce one of the girls sitting with the Filipino Mafia, or whatever, saying she has a CD coming out. Really Well, whatever... Perfect timing. Just when Amber was about to tip the DJ he cut me off.. NO MORE! Not since he pulled that stunt. So I sat down with my friends, and we attempted to listen to this girl's supposed skills on the mic, and I have to say, I'm not the best singer, but I was definitely better than her. I'm giving this place one star, NOT ONLY for the horrible DJ, but for the horrible service, and UNDER SERVICED restrooms, not to mention the uncaring workers.
Don't go here to eat, just go to get your Filipino dance and karaoke on, I guess. I had a $20 certificate (glad I didn't actually spend good money here). Ordered (to go) the waitress' suggestion: egg roll appy and Mike (noodlebok choynoodle something). Both were so SOOO greasy that I took a few bites and trashed the rest. Yet another disappointing Vegas dining experience. Also seemed like waitress had never seen the menu before. Amateur hour. Pass.BTW, I was tempted by the sisig until I learned it is traditionally made with pig ears and snout (wat!). Waitress said theirs is made with pork belly. Yeah, I trust her Pttht.
To all filipino food lovers. Do not go to cafe moda. First, the food is too salty and they don't give you enough. My friend had a birthday party here last night and it was the worst birthday she had. The server ROCKY was very rude and unprofessional, she yelled at the 51 year old birthday girl and threatened her.  She changed their agreement because she thought she could make more money. When we asked for the manager there wasn't one. So to all those people planning parties there get your money back and go somewhere else. You'll have a better time  Dennys.
My family came here for dinner and honestly, I don't what all the fuss about this place is all about.  I would be ashamed to call this Filipino food.  For starters, a soda cost $3, thinking that it come with refills.  Wrong!  The sisig was terrible and the kare kare sauce tasted like a VERY lightly flavored peanut water and just as thin!  The bulaklak was even worse!  So much fat on there it tasted like I was biting into bacon grease!  Rice wasn't included, either.Overall, the food was very disappointing and very tasteless.  We left leaving most of the food on the plate.  It was that bad!  I have eaten REAL Filipino food in the province in the Philippines many times before.I will NEVER be back to this tasteless, overly high priced restaurant ever again.  To those people who think that this place has great food, more power to you but this is not authentic Filipino food...
sisig is good but the service sucks and they have NO refills...i know it's a Filipino bar but seriously this is NOT the fckn Philippines! quit being CHEAP!
This place is absolutely horrible! 1 the service is just horrible, our waiter practically ignored us all night with our drinks empty and we had to ask her multiple times to get refills. 2 we ordered our food and it took forever to come out. I mean like 40 min with only 2 tables next to us and others dancing so that has absolutely no excuse for the kitchen to be taking so long to make our food. 3 when we try to pay our bill (which was only 38 dollars) I only had a 50 which is relatively close to the bill and our waiter said they didnt have change in the drawer, I mean its a 12 dollar change!!! What kind of a restraunt doesnt have 12 dollars change in the cash drawer!! Well thats my experience of this place and it was absolutely fucking horrible. I wish I could put zero stars.
For the takeout I had picked up a few days ago I can say I was not pleased. The rice was burnt to crisp, the pork was fatty with little to no meat, and the soup tasted rotten. I must explore the different Filipino food options here in Las Vegas, but this restaurant is definitely not the place to go. The interior is really ghetto and out of date as well. The lady who helped me was really rude and there was a 15 minute delay when picking up my items.
Worst service ever! We went there dinner and karaoke last night and our waitress only had 2 other tables to wait on and she is unprofessional and unattended. She took our and never came back to check on us. She left out our food order and didn't even bother to fix it. When we had more people to join our party, she rolled her eyes at our table and didn't even want to serve us. We had to end up getting our drinks at the bar. From what she told us, she's been working there for 10 years and she's 43 years old with long hair. Place is so run down. It looks like a crack house. The food isn't good either! Please don't waste your timing going here!
I couldn't wait for this Filipino national chain to open up back in 2007.  I was there on opening week, at three-month mark, and then another three months later.  All visits were met with horrible service and mediocre food, most of which tasted canned.  If you feel like you must visit and eat here, then try the lechon.  It's the dish the chain is famous for back home.  It's the one item offered I cannot complain about.Customer service is horrible; you may start with one server and end up with another.  You'll be lucky if either knows what the dishes they're serving are (none I stopped to ask could visually identify what the food they were bringing to the table were called), much less what ingredients they're comprised of, and these are servers that have been there for months (maybe even a few years, since I haven't been in for a very long time).  The first week was understandable, but the same lousy service extended to you after three months  After six months  On my last visit, I specifically stated I was in the mood for fresh seafood and asked the server, who was the brother-in-law of the manager, for some suggestions.  Upon hearing that I liked mussels, he suggested I try the mussel dish.  When I complained of the taste of the dish, the manager disclosed to me that the mussels were from a can.  What the !  He then tried to appease me by saying that dessert would be on the house.  I was kept waiting for another 15 minutes or so while they tracked down my server, since he apparently left the property.  Knowing what I know now, I could wager a bet on where he went, but then I would be disclosing where I work, and I'd rather not.  He was finally called back in, and I tried the ube halaya dessert, which I now wished I did not waste 30 minutes of my life waiting for.  To top it off, the bill arrived with the charges including the disgraceful entree AND dessert.  Tsk, tsk.  The shame was all on me for coming back the third time...Do yourselves a huge favor and do not eat here.  These proprietors used to do business in California.  Do some legwork and see why they left that state and set up shop here.  What a disgrace to the Barrio Fiesta reputation built back home. (Actually, Barrio Fiesta has franchised so widely in the Philippines that it no longer has the great reputation it once did 20 or so years ago.  I think that Kamayan is a more-honored chain; I had the opportunity to dine at a Makati location in '99 and the food was FANTASTIC!)
the food was alright, but the if you want to be annoyed the whole time while eating by the loud TV, and loud music playing on the other room from some kids trying to learn how to dance than go here.  every time i went it just gets worst and worst, one night the girls that were rehearsing on the other room played the same song over and over and over again, i think the whole time me and my family were there thats all they kept playing.  we asked the waiter to do something about it but he says he can't cause they're rehearsing.  so me having a smart mouth said, well than i guess u just lost some customers than.  only if they had a sound proof door separating the dance floor and the dinning room than it would be a good place.
My first time trying this filipino restaurant in las vegas. HORRIBLE!i would not come here ever again. The beef mechado was hard, the pancit looked like it has been sitting under the sun and the look on it was soggy and to top it off, didnt have much flavor to it. The Beef Steak was dry and meat was a bit hard, the melon drink had no kind of flavor.I mean i can go on FOREVER with this place.Its not an AUTHENTIC FILIPINO restaurant, if that's what you're looking for. You're better off going to Pinoy, Pinay on E. Sahara if this was the case. for $6.99 i guess that's the food that you will be paying for. Not recommended at all!
This place is only for Filipinos who are too lazy cook for themselves and are willing to eat dirt as long as it is called Filipino. Perhaps I am just white guy spoiled by a Filipina wife who cooks better than anyone on the planet, but I tried only the Nanay Gloria dishes that my wife cooks at home for comparison and I came very close to puking on the table. So, if someone invites you to this restaurant, they are either trying to kill you or prove that they hate you. Run, run fast and far before eating at Nanay Gloria's restaurant.
My wife is Filipino and we enjoy good filipino food. We came here because we saw there was a buffet. When we walked in we were not greeted. We grabbed our plates and started getting food from the buffet. We sat down to eat. The adobo was bland and the beef steak was tough. My wife and I both swelled up after eating. MSG maybe.......All I can say is this place is ass backwards. Eat first buffet then pay. No greeting at all. Serve yourself canned soda. Thumbs down!
The food is awesome, but they do not accept debitcredit cards. It is 2014. Get a machine and I'll come back. Until then, I'll find another mom and pop Filipino restaurant that will accept them. It maybe a petty thing, but not everyone carries cash. Y'all need to get with the program.
This placed scared the b-jesus outta me! When you first walk in it's like they have all these strange fast seafood set-ups to your left and right. Non of it looked very appealing. I felt like I was at walmart only with seafood. The floors looked dirty and the lighting was florescent and everything looked sort of green.The live crabs had about 3 pieces of ice underneath and their eyes cut out. I sat and watched in dismay as customers (mostly bored, no intention to buy, teenagers) walked by and hit the live crabs with the tongs. I felt grossed out, sad, and without appetite by the time I turned around and left. I hope this place closes down, you really do get what you pay for and with seafood I wouldn't risk it anyway. Heading to Whole Foods for my tuna steaks from now on.
I just got off the phone with them to find out how much it costs for lobster per lb.  They absolutely refused to tell me.  I told them I live all the way on the West side, and with the cost of gas at $3 per gallon, can't they tell me the price  They said no...it's their policy not to give prices over the phone.  When I called all these other supermarkets they obliged.
I've to say I expected better from this big corporation but it failed my expectations.  First of all I bought a parrot fish roughly 3 lbs and had them clean it. The wait was hefty but I will excuse that because I understand they were busy. But the thing is I took that fish home and baked it in the oven well over the recommend time and my family got sick!! I'm no ametuer about cleaning nor cooking fish, I was raised on a island most of my life. Anyways, I also noticed the seafood area didn't look like it had alot of care taken into it. Most of the fish was smelly, like old smelly. Even I know when it starts smelling and the eyes get glassy you should remove it from the selling area. The last thing that somewhat irritated me was the cashier was talking in tagalog the whole time to the other cashier in the next lane. She didn't even greet me, tell me my total or even say thank you. I've been to most of the asian markets and even the cashiers that don't speak English try show me some manners and smile. I don't believe I will be going here EVER again!
This market sucks...Maybe I'm biased, since I usually shops at 168 market on Spring Mountain and Jones.Where they have everything you need from Japanese, Korean, Chinese, Thai, Vietnamese, to Filipino and American. Plus their fresh fish and meat department.I was on the UNLV side and wanted to get some fresh Asian vegetables so I decided to go to Seafood City instead driving over to Chinatown. I've been hearing so much about this Seafood City place.  Their vegetable selection was weak, and most of them are old and dry. I wanted to get some Thai curry too while I was here but nope, walked down every isle and couldn't find any Thai section. I guess this market only has Filipino foodTheir fish did not seem fresh, I was checking the eyes, under the fins and it took me a good old 10 minutes before I found one that fairly decent. And there's a line of people waiting by the seafood department I don't get it.Don't waste your time if you are looking for a Asian market that has good and fresh selections, just drive over to Chinatown.
WOW!  I called these people to ask a simple pricing question and the woman on the other end said they didn't carry my item anymore and hung up promptly!  No suggestions where I could find it, or how much it should cost at a good place....just a dial tone.  didn't think lobster was such a sensitive subject and when I tried to call back to talk to a manager, since she hung up before I could get another question out, without a goodbye, the phone was picked up and hung up AGAIN!!  So far they are shooting for really bad reviews with me.  If you are answering the phone as an employee don't be rude!  What a moron, customer service is not rocket science!  I called back a third time for the manager and what do you know; not available; I guess I'll just have to pay them a personal visit and trust me guys you won't like what I have to say.
Last time I went there the food is very bad.  Fried chicken was head and dry, sinigang na isda has lots of Bones the fish is not fresh, most of the food are cold the shrimp or meat that they put in the dish is very frugal never will I go back there again.  Sorry!
I really want to impress on readers how this restaurant has gone downhill within the last couple of years.  Nanay Gloria's on Maryland Parkway used to be a good deal for your dollar, but things have changed, and I feel, it's to save money as much as possible.  Firstly, if you have children between the ages of 1-3 years old, they will be charged.  It doesn't sound like a lot--$1.99, but more respectable buffet eateries don't usually subscribe to such practices.  Still, they didn't use to do this.  Secondly, they've gotten rid of trays.  Yes, trays.  This is a cafeteria style buffet line, and you are expected to fill your plate and carry it to your table by hand.  That means multiple trips back to get water and your silverware.  God forbid that you happen to be carrying soup...and with a kid in tow.  Talk about an accident waiting to happen.  I honestly feel they got rid of the trays to discourage customers from filling their plates.  I actually asked them why they got rid of them, and no one could give me a decent answer.  But, trays are just practical at any eatery, and I strongly condemn this restaurant for  getting rid of them.  I've always liked their kare-kare (ox-tail and tripe in a peanuty broth) which is always complemented by a sauteed shrimp paste (known as ginisang bagoong).  I remember how I used to love their sauteed shrimp paste.  Now, it tastes as if the shrimp paste is coming straight from the jar without being sauteed.  The pancit was left wanting, as it was more noodle than anything.  There were big chunks of the "rootier" parts of the cabbage--not the leafy part, and it left the dish tasting too bitter.   Their curried chicken at the time I dined there, had veggies that were undercooked, and I happened to scoop up the chicken's neckbone, which, in my opinion, wasn't going to do a ravenous diner any favors.  Do they expect that I'll be sucking on a length of neckbone just to lap up the last bits of curry  If they want to add it for flavoring, they should remove it prior to serving.  The dessert items are very limited.  They always have a hot dessert on the food line, but the selection of fruits and other sweets were very limited.  Trying to sit down to a clean table was almost impossible.  Even the cleanest table that we were at felt sticky to the touch.  They need to not only remove dishes, but they need to really wipe down their tables (and chairs) better.  In all, I think Nanay Gloria's likes to rely on the reputation it had in the past.  As a local here, I can honestly say that customers are better off eating elsewhere.  I am no longer impressed.
Their phone kept ringing and ringing and no one's answering their phone! Its been two days now! In order to value your customers, you have to pay attention to your callers too!
We pre-order a whole lechon for my mom's 85th birthday bash and deposited $100 cash  two weeks in advanced. When its time for pick up on jan 4, 2014 sat.  The employee from nanay gloria  has no clue whats going on and did not even attempted to remedy the situation. It's good thing we kept the reciept and got back our money. The bad part is my mom is expecting a huge crowd approximately  50 people , some of them from out of town.  We have to scramble  our resources to accomodate our guest. Nanay gloria  employee  did nothing to help us out, no explanation how they lost our lechon . Very unprofessional and uncompassionate !!! Kabalen pa naman! :(
Do NOT eat here!!!!! got empanadas and they were SPOILED, SLIMY, GROSS!!! I was so upset, drove back and got my refund!!!! I know they re-use left overs. I will never EVER go back!!! You've been WARNED!!!!
My first time really experiencing Filipino food other than lumpia.. And I guess I was expecting more because I love ethnic food. There was a big selection of dishes, but no labels so I had to ask a hundred questions to find out what I was looking at. And when I tried the meat and fish, it was either all bones or all fat. Is that how it is supposed to be The place did not have a warm welcoming environment and it was weird that I had to go fish my silverware out of plastic containers!
We've eaten a number of superb meals at the Morton's in Cincinnati, and were eagerly looking forward to a sumptious dinner at Morton's in Pittsburgh. Oh boy. The ambiance is more like a Wendy's that tries to be upscale: cramped, busy, somewhat noisy. Of the two filet mignons we had (different sizes, medium rare) one was horribly overcooked, the other one a little on the rare side. The meat wasn't special. The deserts were OK but the Creme Brulee was bland in the extreme. Service was OK but occasionally inattentive. For two adults, one child, a check of $150 would have been reasonable for the quality provided. It ended up being $350 or so. Oh well - I rounded up the check to $400 and left with the intention of never coming back again. Imagine my shock when I found that my credit card had been charged with $600! I'm sure this will turn out to be an innocent mistake, but if this restaurant thinks it provides an experience worth $200 per head, they need to call Chef Ramsey.
Horrible service and the food is not comparable to any other Ruth Chris I have been to and I've been to them in 10-15 different cities. My rib-eye was all fat and the waitress was so snotty we wanted to throw our drinks at her. Save your money, this place doesn't deserve to be named Ruth Chris. I've had better steaks at the Outback Steakhouse!!
Apparently I wasn't important enough with my lunch burger order (even though it was $16.95...) because my server did not come back to see if it was cooked medium, which it certainly was NOT. When I FINALLY got a chance to ask about it, she acted indignant that I would question her then checked her pad, yes, I ordered medium. Then she stared at me. Stared. I have to say, I have never felt smaller in any restaurant experience in my life. Extremely disappointing and appalling. Will give our business to Capital Grille from now on. I urge you to do the same.
I walked into Sammy's expecting a ny style corned beef sandwich and that is not what you get. I don't think Sammy has ever even had a good corned beef sandwich. Meat was dry under seasoned and Luke warm. The bread was just sliced supermarket bread. I hate to say it but giant eagle makes a better sandwich than this place. Don't waste your time
Never been treated so poorlyI went with three friends to eat at Tessaro's on a rainy Saturday evening.  I dropped them off while I parked the car.  The hostess  sat them and when she found out I was parking the car, she told them literally to "GET UP."  She said they wouldn't seat them because I wasn't there.  By that time I had arrived at the table  my friends were still in shock by the utter rudeness.  Tessaro's was a Pittsburgh institution that my family had frequented for years.  Our treatment is a disgrace to its reputation
my burger was really dry and tasteless, and I ordered it to be cooked medium. I was disappointed in this place because everyone says its the best burger in town...I must be missing something. I thought the atmosphere kinda sucks and the way seating is done leaves much to be desired...overall might go back to see if it was just a fluke, but wont be rushing there.
This was my first and last time at this restaurant. I thought Tessaro's was some sort of Pittsburgh landmark and I've heard rave reviews of their burgers. The burger I got was undercooked. I ordered it well done and it was definitely pink in the middle. But I didn't send it back because I never send anything back. I just ate it and it was a sloppy, greasy mess. The bread was cheap and tasteless. The home fries were just diced potatoes. That burger sat clogged in my stomach for 3 or 4 hours. And I had to make a few runs to the bathroom because I thought I was going to make a mess in my pants. Burger king is a lot better than this place and at a fraction of the cost. What else you got Pittsburgh This better not be the best you got.
This is the only burger place I have ever been to that doesn't serve french fries. WTF Went once, only due to bad weather, and would never go again.
We came for steaks. Mistake. Probably great burgers (if you read the reviews), but that's it. They don't know how to cook steaks unless you like hockey pucks. They also have a wind problem every time the front door is open. Finally, a supposed owner that works as hostess needs to concentrate on her job and learn how a restaurant is run. We won't go back.
Horrible Food, Horrendous Customer Service, overratedSo I already wasted 2 hours of my life eating at this place, so I am not going to write a thesis as to why someone should not be a patron of this restaurant.  In summation, when we arrived we were harassed by the owner (acting as the hostess) for wanting to sit in the corner, served flat beer, and then interrogated by her after sending an order back for not meeting the clear specifications given to the waitress.  Living in Latin America and traveling in Asia for some time, I have been to a lot of hellholes, but this is hands down the worst place I have ever been.  Not only was the food lousy and way overpriced, but we were hassled by the belligerent, sarcastic, and condescending owner almost the entire time. Clearly, customer service nor quality of food are valued.  Honestly, I would rather starve than eat here again.
We like Longhorn, but not this location.  The service here is mediocre at best.  Tonight it took 10 minutes to order drinkes at the bar, 10 more minutes to get them and 10 minutes when we had to pay to go to our table.  When we go to the table, it was not ready for us to sit and we had to wait until cleanup was finished. When we eventually got the appetizer the bread, there were no plates around.  10 more minutes to get plates.When the food finally arrived, there was only a passing similarity between the menu pictures and what we received. My Caesar salad was sour and otherwise bland.Worst experience in a long time.
Let me preface this by saying I only came here because I was given a gift card. After reading the reviews I was less than excited, but hell, it was going to be free! Got to the restaurant around 4:45 for an early dinner. Walked in, there were about 5 parties sitting in a very full waiting room. No employee visible, the hostess stand deserted. The only employee I could see in the entire restaurant was the bartender!After waiting for about 5, a girl came up, and asked how many in our party. I responded "two of us, but is there a wait" She responds, "yes at least 10-15 minutes".At this point I look around the restaurant, way more empty tables then full. Like David K stated, I understand the shifts and seating requirements in a restaurant, but customer service and perception is always 1. Needless to say, I walked out before we were seated, fearing what could come of this experience. From the other reviews it seems I didn't miss anything. Seems it all boils down to poor management. It is not the employees fault if the manager has no clue how to run a business.
The meal was good.  The usual, chain steakhouse quality. ... except the 18 oz rib eye came with a 5 oz bone in it.....Typically the servers are at least attentive at the longhorn.  Today our server would have preferred she didn't have people to wait on.  The restaurant wasn't busy but getting a new drink was almost impossible....and you better be satisfied with the old mug cause getting a new frosty mug with the 2nd beer was not going to happen.
Closed for business
I was Extremely disappointed  with Capital Grille. I dine there during Queen's Feast Restaurant Week yesterday. i was very excited because i only heard good things about the place . To Start the evening off there weren't any seat left inside the restaurant so we were escorted to a dining room outside the lobby. There were so many terrible things that occur that evening where do i begin. First the ceasar salad was the worst salad i have ever had it taste like a 2 day old bag salad you get at your local grocery store. it wasn't fresh, i was missing courton in mine. Next it time for the entree.  2 of my  guest ask for a med-rare skin their  steak came   super well done . so dry i didn't know if i was filet mignon or A cheap dry roast beef.  She returned her and it came back out much better . I had the chicken breast that  once i got to the bone it blood and under cook.  and to finish the even off they were out of the cheesecake, and some of the guest  got the flourless coco cake which had molded rasphberry on her plate. yikes . it almost went in her mouth. I would have expect better quality of food for a 4 star restaurant.  She got her meal for free due to all the mistakes. but i didn't get antything for my bloody chicken. I will never go here again. :-(
This place is terrible. We chose to go out to eat here as we had only heard great things about Capital Grille. We will never return to this establishment for a meal again. Our waiter was very nice and the decor of the restaurant is beautiful as well. For starters I got the mozzarella basil tomato salad. It was pretty good so no complaints there. I chose the special of the night for my entree which was three small steaks prepared in three signature ways. I loved two of them the balsamic one was pretty bad but not inedible. Our water glasses were left empty several times which I thought was weird considering how much a meal like this costs. My husband ordered the porterhouse and he asked for it to be medium. Well it was bordering on the side of well-done and I tasted his and didn't like it at all. He thought it was very dry and it wasn't hot it seemed as though it had been sitting around before they brought it out to us. Honestly the steaks he grills from Teeter have more flavor than this dish. This was obviously very disappointing but we just thought ok not worth the money but we would possibly return for the specialty dishes at a future date. The main reason I am giving a one star review is because I woke up in the middle of the night with awful stomach pains and have been sick for the past 10 hours. My husband was nauseas but not as sick as me.  We didn't sleep practically at all last night and because of this i would never ever return here. I would recommend grilling steaks on your own grill and not wasting a ton of money to get an underwhelming sickening experience.
Interesting the reviews here are less than stellar already. I would normally not review a chain retail store, but the service I received today just really got my blood boiling.I will state, as I always do in these types of situations, that I have worked many years in retail. I know what you're supposed to do. I know the ways I've displayed exemplary service and I know the ways I've slacked off. I get it, I really do.So I'm in the store early. Hardly any people in there. Weird for the Semi-Annual Sale time of year. Usually it doesn't matter what time you're there during the sale, it's always busy. I went through my usual bins and picked up a mess of undies and bras. Since no one was at the check out counter and I needed a spot to go through things, I set them down and started to try and chat with the sales chick. I actually always like to do this, just to shoot the breeze, but also to get their opinions on items I'm buying. The girl behind the counter was having non of this though.I asked her about a bra and she said she didn't know about that one, but said it should work. I understand, you can't try them all. But the thing that really irked me was that she was definitely not hiding her annoyance at me setting down my things on the counter. I even looked back to make sure there were no people checking out behind me. Ghost town. Tumbleweed rolled by. No one.So I'm going through my stuff and separating what I want and don't want and she's sighing and grabbing things saying "Soooo, you DON'T want these" Um, I'm not asking you to help me sort things. I'm not holding up a line. I'm just trying to not spend $$$ on an accidental XS pair of undies that got mixed in! After that, it's not exactly what she said, but how she acted. I have never felt more uncomfortable in a retail store before. I ended up grabbing my discards and putting them back myself (which I really don't mind doing, but after she huffed and puffed, I didn't even want to deal with her). The thing is, I was nice the entire time. I don't expect you to sit there and be sugary sweet either. Just do what you were hired to do. Be nice and sell some bras. If you come to work in a bad mood, the real world is not going to give you a hug. Suck it up and do your job or work where you don't have to talk to anyone else ever.
Let's start this review by saying that when we are at that point, my girlfriend and I will be going to Jos. A. Bank for mine and my groomsman's suits.  Allow me to give you a numbered breakdown of the issues we encountered when renting from Men's Wearhouse to be the groomsmen in our friends wedding.1- They never contacted us after the fitting after saying there would be a followup call.  The other groomsmen and I had to follow up repeatedly to get an answer as to when our tuxedos would arrive and the staff were very short with our honest questions over the phone.2- They sent two of our tuxedos to Homestead when we asked for them to be sent to Ross Park Mall during the fitting.3- When one of us called two days prior to the wedding to ask if our tux's had arrived the guy answering the phone said "Oh... I don't know" (insert an awkward, pregnant pause here while waiting for him to say "Let me check that for you") he instead said "Well, I'm going to hang up now."  And he made good on that promise, and hung up.4- Despite saying we'd get a call a few weeks ahead of the wedding to be resized in case one of us gained a few lbs over the winter, this call never came so we basically had to hope that everything fit as it needed to.5- We were at one point informed that MW had our emails on file and that when our tuxes arrived at the store we would receive an email letting us know.  Not a single groomsman received any such email to that effect.6- One of the groomsmen randomly received a black tie while everybody else had white.  Another received no studs.  We discovered this approximately two hours to show-time while relatively far from civilization.7- On picking up my tux I informed the associate "I'll be unable to get to a Men's Wearhouse for a few days after the wedding, is this alright" to which she responded "Yeah that should be fine" so when my girlfriend graciously dropped off my tux for me a few days later and learned of the $100 late fee, I was totally caught off guard.8- My girlfriend was also caught totally off guard by the associate at Ross Park Mall who was incredibly rude to her when  he informed her of said late fee.9- As the Best Man I was given a coupon card for $50 off my next rental at Men's Wearhouse.  Since I am in another wedding next month with rentals from MW I figured this would be an opportune time to use it.  Imagine my shock while paying for the next weddings rental, when I presented the coupon and was told "Oh, that isn't for this.  That is intended for YOUR wedding.  Oh and it expires on December 31st of this year." 10- The groom himself decided to use a coupon to purchase a suit for the wedding and to own, rather than rent a tux for the occasion.  He was ensured by the Homestead staff that the coupon would be fine for this purpose and got fitted for it.  When he went to pick up his suit and pay with the aid of said approved coupon he was instead forced into an argument with an associate who insisted he could not use the coupon towards the suit that an associate a few weeks earlier had insisted he could use.  Granted, now I am speaking for another person so take that with as much salt as you may, but he reiterated this fact to me several times prior to his wedding last week.Over my friends wedding weekend, any time anything even went slightly wrong at and around his wedding, the joke between the Groom and his Groomsmen was "Effing Men's Wearhouse."  For example, at a restaurant, "Wait I asked for no onions on this sandwich. - Effing Men's Wearhouse!"  "Noise complaint at the hotel room Men's Wearhouse."Another groomsman looked at me when we discovered the wrong color tie one of us received and said to me "I hope you're taking notes for your own impending wedding" to which I replied "Perhaps I could find better service from GoodWill of Western PA"Congrats Men's Wearhouse.  You became the butt of every joke for every mishap for an entire weekend around a wedding to which you provided the suits.TL;DR - 10 mistakes, several rude associates and 1 future groom going to Jos. A. Bank.
This store has such bad service. The service staff are rude rude rude.  Save your money, shop elsewhere.
Very bad purchase experience. I bought a shirt with a hole covered in the rolled up sleeves, but they denied my request to return it. I am so angery at this and will never shop their chothes anymore.
Hey what is the deal not being open on Labor Day  If I am going to drive over here from NW Phoenix , the least you could do is open up! Don't worry we were able to go to another Gelato place close by.
The Gelato Spot seems good UNTIL you try Arlecchino Gelateria.  If you're craving Gelato, do yourself the favor of cruising over to 40th Street and Campbell for the real deal.  But the Gelato Spot is open a bit later than Arlecchino, so I can see where you might have to settle for pre-fab gelato in a pinch. The Gelato Spot has perfected its offering for its upscale neighborhood.  The imported cases are as gorgeous as those displaying jewels in a fine department store.  The wood and chrome cases proudly show off a huge array of flavors gussied up with trinkets that correspond to each flavor.  The variety is a problem because they offer too many flavors for each one to be handcrafted daily.  What proof do I have of this  I offer up Exhibit A:  http:www.gelatospot.comdownloadscalendar.pdf.  There you will find a monthly calendar that lists out the flavors available every day of the month and the "special" flavors that run for about two weeks at a time.  Dear discerning foodie reader, if the Gelato Spot was seeking out the freshest local ingredients and handcrafting their gelato each day, how could they possibly know what they would produce for an entire month at a time  I also offer up Exhibit B:  Blood Orange Sorbetto in May.  The season for blood oranges ended months ago, so they are offering a flavor out of season.  That's not a huge deal if you're willing to settle for variety over quality.I've also noticed they tend not to adjust the freezers in the winter so that the gelato becomes overly frozen.  Of course, that's not a concern in the dead of a Phoenix summer.It's nice that they adjoin a coffee shop next door.  In terms of amenities, decor and branding, the Gelato Spot has got it all if you're looking for a corporate experience and flash.On one visit there was a soap dispenser in the rest room labeled "PLEASE DON'T STEAL ME."  It was gone by my follow up visit.  Apparently Arcadia is not untouched by petty crime.
They don't even make their own "fior di latte", the extremely important gelato base that is at the heart of any serious, authentic gelato. Arlecchino down the street is like a gazillion times better! And, they are actually Italian!!!!!!!!!!!!!Even Italian tourists I've seen go into Arlecchino were like, practically in tears over the magnificent artistry of the super-quality, super delicious authentic concoctions they were tasting. So why do people go to less authentic places Well, it's like this: if one has only ever tasted generic, inferior quality grocery store ice-cream from the supermarket, and has never tasted, say, Haagen Dazs, then one wouldn't know the difference. Well ragazzi, it's time to taste the real mccoy...just have to drive a few minutes down the street where their gelato really does hit the "g-spot" (hehe!!)  :)Non mangiate mai le schifezze, santa pace!!
Save your money!! The food isn't bad but we spent way too much for the amount of food we got. We left hungry after ordering two entrees for the two of us. The pizza is paper thin crust and had a weird flavor. I haven't tried their gelato so maybe it's better. But go to little Cesar's over this place if you're hungry for pizza!!!!
Well, we had to venture all the way to the biltmore area since the shea location is now closed.  We had a groupon and the cashier informed us we could not use them for the party packs even though we had used them previously this way.  She said the groupons were costing them money and rather than making money they were losing money with them,, really then why are they offering them so much.  I really hate when staff and owners lie to their customers.  I also asked for a complete list of their ingredients which she did not have one and was not familiar with the ingredients in the flavors as well as not knowing the sugar or fat contents... this usually means there are ingredients which they should not use or which are not real good for you.  The high prices, the lies, and the refusal to provide ingredients...I will not be returning....it was empty and we were the only customers..
i've been here twice.  this place is confused.  my 12 year old son was totally unimpressed after they completely screwed up what he ordered.  the staff are maybe too focused on the whole hippie schtick to realize that paying customers don't really care about the staff's identities and really just expect to get what they pay for.if you need a coffee andor food, walk around the corner to kopi.
I saw a cockroach here once.  Their ciabatta bread and crepes are almost delicious enough for me to look the other way, but I'm a little too grossed out to ever frequent this place again.
Worst Crepe !!!!!!! Being an European cafe if they don't know how to make a extremely simple Crepe, don't know what to write. We ordered 4 crepes, and they all were bad, uncooked crepe, very little filling. We are having stomach aches as well. Tried calling them and they kept us on hold for over 15 minutes..Weird!!!!  Don't know about other stuff but crepes are HORRIBLE..stay away if you are going there in the hope of a good Crepe as we did....
stop selling  day-old items as fresh and lying about it! c'mon!
I was dismayed by the poor service at the VetMed location.  After purchasing a pricey Roasted Red Pepper w smoked gouda soup, I was handed a cold soup and told to heat it up in the microwave.  Unsanitary and unprofessional.
I have to start out by saying that I love the concept, design and of course the amazing gelato. I however am driven to write this review because I have experienced TWO separate unprofessional occasions within less than a week (four days to be exact). I went into the Camelback and 32nd St. location on Friday May 6th. I am in the restaurant business and I always give every bad experience a second try because everyone makes mistakes. Well........... I came in 15 min. before close- a big no no for industry ppl but I wasn't asking for a full 4 course meal especially because EVERYTHING was still out. I knew exactly what I wanted and of course tipped. The reason I was a bit upset was because I walked in to the two employees (one I found out later was a manager) mopping and cleaning and I was given the rudest look followed by an eye roll and a huge sigh by the manager. I was taken a bit back and I felt the need to apologize even though I was the customer they were STILL open. I offered to leave because I felt so uncomfortable. I was given service and was also given a half hearted explanation that he was very tired and it was the end of the night that was why he acted in that way. Ok fine I understand the way those nights are- believe me I have had them but still coming from a manager!!! What drove me to write this was my experience tonight Monday May 8th. I went to the Scottsdale location on Scottsdale Rd. just south of Camelback. I came in at 10:30PM an hour and a half before they closed. I was at the counter waiting for a long time. I was not acknowledged or even saw any employees until I moved toward the kitchen doors where I saw a very nice gentleman that finally saw that I had been waiting out there for a while. I was served and really didn't get any sort of meaningful reason of why I was waiting so long (by the SAME manager from the previous location!!!!) when there were three employees on and the business was not even the slightest busy. He gave me a very bad excuse to cover up for loitering around outside on the patio chatting instead of doing his job.  I proceeded to contact them afterward because the whole situation was very unprofessional with the two incidents and he tried to change his story about how he acted on Friday and that he may come off to some people to be rude because he is Italian and has a different sense of humor. WHAT!!!!! I don't care who you are or what nationality there is a difference in cultural aspects and just being down right rude and a bad manager. I have several friends that are Italian like him straight from Italy who don't act like that. I felt that excuse was WAYYYY out of line and was just digging himself into an even bigger gaping hole. He made an excuse that was an embarrassment to his place of work and was derogatory to all other Italians. I would like to say I want to return but unless there is a change in management I will not step foot into that place unfortunately. In this case one bad apple spoils an amazing restaurant. However if I do not return I will still have dreams of the wonderful gelato! :)
They ruined the place - was a great place to go after a play or a movie - date night for us to have gelato and good coffee - but NOT now - you have a different crowd and pizza - it is not a gelato spot it is a pizza joint - there is no place to sit outside on these beautiful evenings like before unless you want to sit with the smokers - yuck.  How could you do this  You had a nice and classy place before - unique to the area and you got greedy - the in crowd will leave you and the neighbors like us will not come back now that you have that big honking pizza oven - yes, it smells like a pizza joint - yikes - what a shame - we came for the last time tonight and hurried in and out with our lattes and gelatto in a half hour - could not wait to leave - AC everywhere - loud people - pizza smell and smokers too close to the door - could smell in all of the patio area - good luck to you - you have made a mistake with this one.
Our office ordered pizzas and paninis for a lunch meeting. All 15 of us were SO disappointed. I had the Italian panini and it had absolutely no flavor. That was the common theme: no flavor and weak on the ingredients. I was in there last month to pick up a pizza (my office is walking distance) and you could totally tell the cooks were not happy. It was like they were not proud of their work..uh, making kick ass pizzas and paninis. Someone from our group said "that's what we get for ordering lunch from a place that is known for the Gelato. Unfortunately, we won't be ordering from them again..
Definitely an odd spot.  I used to come here all the time before they started serving food.  The owner doesn't seem to know how to solve seating arrangements.  This is the first time ever when in a "seat yourself" cafe they would not let a single person sit a table.  Even though there were many tables available.  The owner was concerned that some potential large party could show up later on so she wanted to keep the empty tables empty.  Clearly not a very customer friendly approach.  And kinda silly.  Gelato is great here.  Skip the food.
I have been here a few times:I figured I would give it a second, then third shot...The food and Gelato are so-so at best, and the staff are spectacularly unhelpful. I'll take ice cream form the super-market instead of over priced and unfriendly. The few times I was there I also waited 10 minutes when they were only a little busy, and up to 25 when they were pretty busy.I would seek out something else. Like I said, not great all around.In response to the comment below from Tommy:I do appreciate your accommodations, I have no doubt that you do value your customers. I am not one to jump to a conclusion about any establishment, and I did come in several times. Overall I was unimpressed by the quality of the service every time, and the food was, in my opinion, sub-par. I do appreciate you taking the time to respond to this and I am glad that others liked your establishment. As I see from other reviews, my experiences were hopefully the only three times the staff and kitchen were having a bad day.
AWFUL service!  The girls serving gelato had horrible attitudes and kept pushing me off to each other (they openly said they did not want to wait on me and told each other to just have me wait and to help someone else).  Their customer service sucked and on top of it, their gelato was nothing special.  You will never see me step a foot in this place again.
I have been to Gelato Spot many times in the past and never had a problem. However, my last trip to the Old Town location will be my last and inspired me to open a Yelp account. I ordered a two-scoop and quickly found what looked to be a beard hair in one of my flavors - GROSS. I showed the girl at the counter and she offered to give me a new one, but she did NOT remove the batch of that flavor from the case. I accepted her offer for two completely new flavors, and made it about halfway through (inspecting each bite carefully) when I found YET ANOTHER HAIR. This store needs to reevaluate their quality control. BEWARE.
Right on the cup it states " Made fresh daily" Our Gelato was not fresh at all!!! It had a old or freezer burnt taste. Very disappointing!!! Go to Frost in Gilbert for real Fresh Gelato!
Definitely not my first choice for gelato. Taste generic and more like ice cream rather than gelato. Highly disappointed.
Worst gelato I've had. The salted caramel tasted overly salty and no caramel flavor. The almond snickers had great potential but again, no flavor and more icy than I like. Won't be back.
Not real Italian gelato ! Too bad! Without tasty! They sell many products made in Canada or different places but not from Italy !!! Really really bad!!
Visited today right  noon.  this is a start up company, they did not have any prices on the wall and the sign on the windows are crooked.  We went in to see and try the gelato. no one was behind the counter and no one ever came out, we called out, whistled and everything then we left after a while since no one knew what customers were all about.  they should have a bell ring or something when the door opens. as addition to detail is not part of this company.  also could not find a list of ingredients anywhere and according to Arizona law all food businesses must post a list of ingredients for everything they sell
Unfortunately I will never go to Angel Sweet again due to a very unpleasant encounter I had with the manager here.  I came to ask about having Angel Sweet cater an event I was doing for a non profit or to see if they'd donate a gift card. Rather than just saying "no" I was berated for "money grubbing" and then the supervisor proceeded to walk into the back while continuing to yell at me for having the gall to ask for a donation.  I have no problem with rejection and obviously understand that small business are often not able to support non profits in our community.  What I don't understand is how someone in a customer facing role can be so incredibly rude to a member of the public.  I live less than a mile from Angel Sweet and used to go here a minimum of once a week. I got the message loud and clear that Angel Sweet doesn't want or need my business.
This location is closed now.
I had such a discouraging experience today at Prantl's.  A girl offered to wait on me, but then walked away without filling my order.   I waited several minutes, and then spoke up to get waited on.  It really wasn't worth the wait.  Pay attention to the other reviews on here about rude staff.  I will not be returning.
If you want to get pastries while being yelled at by the staff and treated like dirt, this is the place for you.
Says it's Kosher, but apparently only sometimes.   I Googled "kosher bakery phoenix" and Karsh's popped up. So I made the visit to the shop, preparing to find something suitable for passover. I arrived and was met at the door by the sign, "Sorry. Our products are not suitable for passover. Everything is made with flour, bla bla bla" I'm paraphrasing. So I went inside, wondering if it was an April Fool's joke. Although the store was COMPLETELY empty, I mean, barren of all lifeforms, the surly girl behind the counter took her time asking if she could help me. Our exchange proved that it was no joke. They could not help me. No yummy kosher flourless chocolate cake would be in my immediate future. They were kosher - just not for Passover. Lovely. I should've Googled "kosher bakery Scottsdale."
I am NOT a fan of Karsh's. When i moved to Phoenix many years ago, everyone made a fuss about getting their baked goods from Karsh's. I was really looking forward to what i expected would be wonderful baked things. They weren't. They were tasteless... Everything is the same tasteless flavor. There is pink iced tasteless, white iced tasteless... they have mastered the use of food color.... but it doesn't overcome the tastelessness. The only thing Karsh's has going for them is that they are a Kosher Bakery. I suppose that gives them a "captive" audience. There will always be a community of people who cannot buy their things anywhere else because they require Kosher goods. There is one exception at Karsh's. They make a wicked fine Challah. Everything else leaves me flat.
When I was in highschool various clubs used to sell Karsh's bagels around campus to raise money. I would buy a bagel and cream cheese and hide it in my backpack to munch on during class. Soooo good! I was feeling nostalgic one day and decided to pop in for a bagel and cream cheese. The guy behind the counter was nice enough, I told him my order which came to $2.95 or something just barely under $3.  I had failed to notice the sign which said they do not accept credit cards for purchases under $3. I apologized and said I didn't have any cash and offered to run the the ATM.  The guy behind the counter very nicely asked other lady behind the counter  (the owner manager on duty maybe) if she would let me use my card. She looked right at me all stink-eyed and said "No" and returned to what she was doing. No apology, no "I'm sorry but there is an ATM at so and so...." Very curt. Thanks a lot personality plus! I will not be returning and I hope you choke on a matzo ball. Shame too, I loved those bagels.
"Hey, Kerstin! Why are you eating a grilled cheese for dinner Didn't you just eat out""Yeah, but we ate at Miracle Mile."'Nuf said, really, but our experience was such an epic fail, I must elaborate a bit. This was Hubby's suggestion, mind you, and he was pleased they had several vegetarian options. After a lunch of Peter Piper, however, even his lame veggie sandwich was pretty good to him. We'll see if I have to rush him to the ER later, since MM served sprouts when no one else is right now due to a contamination issue. He got his sandwich with a supposed potato knish. This was supposed to be creamy mashed potatoes with sour cream and seasonings in a pastry crust. What he got was an overly peppered dried out, square of potato chunks in an unnatural color wrapped in an anemic crust that had zero taste, crunch, or flake to it. It had that speckled look that old pastry gets. If this is what a knish is supposed to be, then they nailed it.I got the chicken and noodles with a side of mashed potatoes. It came with two inexplicable slices of untoasted bread. What is this 1950 At least it wasn't Wonder Bread. It was wheat. I had asked for sour dough, when one guy told me there were no caraway seeds in the rye they served me initially. There were. The manager "saved" me by correcting his employee about the caraway, only to be given the third degree by the ghetto tart working the register. "Why don't you like caraway" she asked. I tried not to stare at her ridiculously over-plucked eyebrows and garish make-up as I replied, "I really don't like the taste." When she asked me "Why" a second time, you'll be happy to know that I refrained from informing her that the gang-bangers she was obviously trying to attract would not likely be frequenting  this establishment. Anyway, the chicken and noodles dish was complete mush and the "sauce" was totally canned, and topped with a lovely hunk of congealed cheese. It was also not to temp. The mashed potatoes were 75% instant with some red skins thrown in for that "real" texture. Foul, foul, foul. Hence, the grilled cheese.
Grotesque food, vulgar staff, blech.
Dear Miracle Mile,This is the last time you will ever sucker another $15 bucks from me for bland, over-salted cafeteria food. I hate to be the rabid cur of dissent in this love fest, but I can no longer fake it and go with the flow. I despise everything about you, Miracle Mile.Unless someone had cued me into the fact, I never would have guessed that you were trying so hard to duplicate NY deli-style fare. Why so Because every NY staple I've tried from your fetid excuse for a deli has sucked so effing hard it just about pulls grey matter out through my ears. Stale and mealy defrosted cheesecake that was as unappetizing to look at as to consume. Matzo ball soup so bland I had to keep looking down to assure myself I was indeed consuming something other than hot air. Wilted salads guaranteed to deflate my hopes upon first bite. Vegetable soup that was so flavorless as to be nearly nonexistent. Are you trying that hard to fade into the background, you wallflower It's no wonder the median age of a patron in your restaurant is pushing 80. The near total annihilation of my taste buds is the only way I would ever step foot through your doors again.And then there's your pathetic excuse for a sandwich, Mile. Pastrami and corned beef sandwiches piled (not so) high with bland, fatty meat that's been slopped with reckless abandon atop your choice of bread, guaranteed to disintegrate in five seconds flat. All topped off with a slice of sweaty Swiss cheese that adds zero flavor and flops listlessly atop a piteous excuse for a sandwich. If it weren't for the spicy mustard at each table, I'd hardly have tasted anything at all! Bravo! You surely deserve an award for the most poorly constructed sandwich in all of Phoenix! Although I guess that dubious honor should clearly be bestowed upon your brusque, monosyllabic cafeteria line workers. "Next Bread" Unappetizing slop of meat, slid down the line to the next guy. "Fries" Heap of fried garbage, liberally applied, slid down the line. That is, unless you're asking for something outside of the crap-sandwich-and-fries box. At that point your request will be wordlessly acquiesced to with a scowl and a slop. "Drink" No! Please! NO! Just get me out of this slovenly pit of cafeteria hell. What do you want, I'll pay anything! Anything!Wait a tic. That's your whole ploy all along, isn't it Miracle Mile Brainwash the masses with mediocre food and overcharge for everything to make it seem like it's a privilege to be dining upon such slop.Well I'm on to you. I've given you plenty of chances, Mile. Your Reuben was the only sandwich that didn't make me want to violently upend tacky cafeteria tables on the way to my car. Wishing you the bland, inoffensive dreams of an automaton,Erica
No, I simply cannot put in a good review for Miracle Mile. A coworker recommended this place to me. Actually, two coworkers did.However, upon inspection of my pie right before I was about to eat it, I noticed that there was mold in it.Yes, mold.Sorry Miracle Mile, your fries were bland and while your chicken tenders were decent, I can't forgive mold in a pie. I did take a picture of it so I will be adding it to this review as soon as I can.Who knows if I will get my 2.95 for moldy pie back.*ETAMM has been notified and I am to receive a gift certificate for my 2.95. I was given the option of returning it but it's over a 40 min drive.
I came here hankering for a real deli experience (e.g. chompies east coast style), but I was willing to settle for just a decent sandwich.   I ordered a turkey sandwich and got dry bird on a tasteless, tacky bun that induced grade school cafeteria flashbacks. I consoled myself with the fact that I at least had a pickle to munch on.  but alas! I bit into a revoltingly limp, fetid-smelling, gag-inducing gherkin not fit for consumption.   I had to spit it out in my napkin like some priss---a sorry thing for a woman who likes to chow down.   well at least I had some water....my advice: go an extra mile to steer clear of this glorified cafeteria.
I was driving by looking for a place for lunch and I stopped in, hoping for some deli food. I was quite surprised to see that it's actually an old-school cafeteria. I didn't know that these places existed anymore and I was ready to be charmed.  Alas, that was not to be.Although I came inside in the mood for pastrami, watching the staff throw together - and I mean that quite literally, I've never seen anybody, anywhere make a sandwich as quickly or carelessly - I lost my nerve and ordered the meat loaf special, thinking that was probably a better way to go in a place like this.Unfortunately the meat loaf was dreadful as were the mashed potatoes.  Absolutely devoid of any flavor and covered in a gloppy gravy.  Seriously awful.I see that one reviewer described it as hospital food.  That's being charitable because some hospitals actually have edible food.  It's more like what I imagine prison food to be like. It's also not particularly cheap.  My prison plate was $9.73 with the tax.  Not recommended.
the food was cold including the soup,fries.  the brisket was dry and the service was awful.  The ruben was awful.
Before I jump into this review, let me just preface it by saying that I'm really not a fan of chain restaurants (Chipotle, Jersey Mike's and Yogurtland excluded). And in my opinion, the Cheesecake Factory embodies everything I hate about chain restaurants. Right off the bat, our server was rude and disinterested. And every time he visited the table next to us, he stood between their table and ours, with his behind right in our faces. He was incredibly slow in delivering drinks (we only ordered iced tea) and only came by to refill once. I ordered the Evelyn's Favorite pasta which was surprisingly one of the few vegetarian items on the menu (aside from salads). My only request was to take off the Kalamata olives. Of course, when the food was delivered, it was chock-full of olives. So not only did the pasta lack flavor to start with, but the small amount of flavor that I was able to detect was ruined by the olives. I'm not a complainer, and I hate sending food back, so I picked as many out as I could, but it wasn't really worth salvaging. I mostly just pushed the pasta around my plate, took a few bites, and pushed it aside, which is disappointing since it's a $13 bowl of pasta. When the bill finally arrived, it added up to just under $50 for two iced teas, one bowl of pasta and one cobb salad. I'm sorry, but that price is just absolutely exorbitant for the poor service and lack luster food. This visit was most definitely my last visit to the Cheesecake Factory. And if you happen to be looking for dinner at the Biltmore, I would suggest you stop ANYWHERE else.
I know alot of people seem to like this place,but you wont see me going there again.We had some friends in from Boston,and they wanted to eat somewhere that wasnt very fancy,so we picked Cheesecake factory.You should know that our groupd consisted of our 2 friends,my husband,my 4 yr old son and my 2 yr old son,and myslef who was 9 months preggers at the time.               When we got there,it was extremely crowded,we gave them our name and they said 10 minutes tops.Well 40 minutes later we were finally seated.The waitress was nice but stuffed us in to a very small booth.She was slow bringing our drinks and our apps,and only refilled our drinks once.           All of this could have been forgiven if the food was good.My husband and friend Tim ordered the steak both medium rare,what they got was a piece of meat smaller than the palm of my hand fully cooked.I ordered the Philly Cheese sandwhich,it had no flavor and tasted like it just came out of the microwave.Ive bought better at Wal-Mart.I ordered two kids chicken finger dinners for my boys but they only brought out 1 and when I told the waitress,she insisted that I only said one and that maybe the boys should share because the kitchen was really busy.                    I will never go to this restaurant again,bad service,horrible food,and not a good value at all.
The last time will be the last time. Yesterday at CF, waiter was passable. He did not offer to bring a glass with the beer, and did not do so until asked. Food and drinks were good. However, at end of meal a waitress from another table droppedspilled a tray of drinks on the left side of my husband who is in a wheelchair with electric wheels. Husband's left side including wheels and batteries were drenched. Waitress did not initially apologize but stated, "It's just a spill." We asked several times for a wet cloth to wipe off sticky soda from husband, shirt, wheelchair and wheels. We moved to the next table to finish meal and to get out of the large puddle. The manager came over after several minutes and offered to pay for dry cleaning; then the waitress said she was sorry. No comp, no apology until we cleaned up ourselves. Even worse; two years ago a waiter dropped a tray of drinks on my son at the same place,and another customer who was sitting at a table next to us was also drenched. This was weird deja vu.  Maybe CF has a policy that waitstaff have to carry as many drinks as possible, and they don't know their limit until they exceed it. Ha. Overall, food was good and service was sub par. Attitude was LOUSY! The customer who is paying about $25.00 per person ought to be treated as a guest and with courtesy. Better luck when seated at the bar, on past visits. No spillage.
Normally I would never pick to eat at the Cheesecake Factory, ever, but a co-worker picked it for a work function, so off we went. There were about 10 of us in our group, and before we ordered we apologized to our waitress for needing separate checks. I think 7 checks in all. They seemed cool with it...at first. I have to preface by saying, the worst service I've ever received has been at the Cheesecake Factory. Out of the four times I've been, every single time has been horrendous. The very first time I went (this was a different location)  one of my dining partners didn't get their meal for 20 minutes after ours. We were completely through with our meals but the server never offered to comp her meal. In fact, he was never seen after taking our order. We had to flag down a manager to take care of the issue. The other few times I've had the slowest, rudest service of my life. This time was no different. The server acted thoroughly annoyed by our group, was short with us, refused to smile AT ALL, and generally was a complete wench. Splitting the tab was clearly WAY too much work for her, as it took 20 minutes for her to figure out who ordered what (even though we asked if it was ok to split tabs long before we ordered) but actually running the tabs Wow, add on another 10 minutes! We apologized again for having to split tabs, hoping maybe that would make her less huffy, but she never acknowledged that we were trying to be nice, and instead just went around acting huffy and like we were thorns in her side. Well, obviously she could be a total b*tch because gratuity was already included. 18% on the tab, which I understand with large groups. However, I felt she was acting as bitchy as she wanted to because in the end, she'd be getting a good tip regardless. As for the food, it's a big whatever. Anything other than lunch is overpriced. In the end it's just overpriced ridiculously sized chain food . I don't understand why people love it so much. I hope for the rest of my life I never step foot in one again. I know I won't be missing much.
I can't review the food here because we never got seated! Knowing that Cheesecake Factory doesn't take reservations, my sister called Saturday afternoon to find out how long it would take a party of 14 to be seated that night. The hostess told her she'd take the name, asked my sister to call 20 minutes ahead to let her know we were on our way and our table would be ready shortly after we arrived, if not when we got there. Sounds perfect right Not so much. We called them as requested and were told our table would be ready when we arrived. When we arrived about 15 minutes later, we were told they were running approximately 20 minutes behind. Not a huge deal, being Cheesecake Factory on a Saturday night. After 30 minutes, we asked again about being seated and were told that they were waiting for their large table to be vacated by a party who'd been there for 2 hours. Of course... who doesn't go to Cheesecake Factory for dinner at 4:00 Another twenty minutes goes by and again, we speak to the hostess station, who tells us the table just ordered dessert. At this point, it becomes pretty apparent we've been lied to. Finally after waiting for more than an hour and 15 minutes for a supposed reservation with two pregnant women, a diabetic and two antsy toddlers, we decided to leave. I have no problem with Cheesecake Factory not taking reservations. I think it's ridiculous, but it's publicized, so we dealt with it the best way we could. Had the hostess we'd spoken to earlier in the day not said it wouldn't be a problem, we would have made other arrangements for dinner that night.
The dish I had, the wasabi crusted ahi tuna was awful and it was served twice, both times unacceptably.  The "crust" is really bread stuffing on the outside and the miso glaze was a miso cream sauce, huh  How can you call a rich, greasy sauce served on the plate a glaze.  Very confusing, unappetizing and this dish should be chopped.  Not a good experience.
This location is a hot mess.  I love the Cheese Cake Factory but this locaton is not up to the standards that I accustomed to from this company.  Choose another location The waitress smelled like a pack of cigarettes.  So standing over me taking my order made my stomach turn.  Then my rice was undercooked.  When I told them it was undercooked they wanted to question me and say are you sure.  Im Asian I eat rice almost everyday.  There were Nat's flying around the food.  I won't be back to this location.
We came out on a Saturday night. We understand it is busy and there is going to be a wait. We checked in with our name, party of two, was told it was going to be about a 30 min wait, got our pager, and waited outside since the lobbyfoyer was crowded. There were a few parties waiting outside too. 40 minutes have passed, we came inside and checked to see the status of where our name was. Apparently our pager was dead, they called our name 10-15 minutes ago. We were put off by the managersupervisor's attitude, he was really rude.  He made it seem like it was our fault we didn't hear our names called because we were standing right outside and that our pager was dead. I saw that they were calling names inside and outside, but the only called outside every other time. This kind customer service at the beginning set the mood for the evening...not fun. We always try to have a positive attitude, but it was kind of sad when someone that is representing the restaurant is not welcoming, we didn't really want to be there anymore. We stayed though because we are not rude. They did seat us about a minute after.Our waiter was awkward too, but he tried. We always like to come out here to have our favorite appetizer and dessert. We live 30 min away, so we like to make night of it when we decide to come out.
$7 per slice for a Cheesecake Okay that's understandable for being at the most expensive commercial real estate on 24st & Camelback in Phoenix. What is not excusable is the Moroccan Chicken. The only reason I got in my car a blew $30 on a meal on take out, is because of a video showing how delicious it was. What I got from this location was nothing short of horrible. It looked nothing like what I saw in the video, and on top of that the chicken was so dry I had to chase it down with water just to swallow it. It did not matter that they were generous, giving 3 breasts with the meal, because I could not finish even one. Since I hate wasting food I gave it to my 3 cats, but they would not even eat it, and they love chicken!I would not have even written this review because I hate bashing businesses, but this place refused to answer my email complaint about the bad meal. At least answer and acknowledge you read it. Next time I'll just go down the road to Chili's. At least they try..
I recently moved to Phoenix from Las Vegas. I live across from Cheesecake Factory on Camelback Rd. I was hungry one night and stopped in for a quick bite on December 4th. I've always enjoyed their pineapple Mojitos  and the menu variety . I sat at a small table in the bar area. It was literally 5 mins before I was even acknowledged (I timed it)! Then menus were haphazardly dropped on the table. I wasn't offered water and warm bread came out 5 mins later. Meanwhile, the servers were congregating, laughing and joking in the back station, which was clearly visible from my table. I finally ordered a chicken Marsala and that took another 20 mins (I also timed that), to which I jokingly replied to my server (a young, bald AfricanAmerican server with large diamond earrings) "I thought that you forgot about me" His curt reply was "It's gotta cook!"....I probably won't go back to Cheesecake Factory based on this last visit, even though it is across from where I live, even if I am craving a pineapple Mojito. I am discovering that there are many other options in close proximity to me.....You NEVER know who your customers are! I've been in the restaurant business for over 30 years in New York, Paris and Las Vegas and have moved to PHX, to live and open a restaurant here....Oh, yeah, and I happen to be one of the Top Chefs in America:-)Herb
Bad attitudes from the workers, the food is not that great to put up with the mood of this place. This isn't like the soup Nazi from Seinfeld. Sometimes the place is open and sometimes it is not which makes for crappy business.
Came in with my son and nephew.  Asked if I could add Chicken to a salad and first I was told no, and then I was told that I could but it would be  an additional 5.99 if I wanted chicken.  I have no problem paying extra for an addition however 5.99 is quite excessive.  Well I orders a medium cheese pizza for the boys and I will eat when I get home.  The customer service here was terrible.  It is no wonder the place was empty.  We will not be back and I will spread the word about what a great experience we had.
Just read CP's review and I must add my ditto to the 1 star rating.  Of late, I have also been disappointed with the baked goods at La Grande.  Particularly the TC sweets.  After my last visit, where the coffee cake was dried out and what I thought to be "old" and the 12 frozen cup cake, I said no more.  I didn't even try to return it, because I felt the superiority vibe of the place and figured they don't need me or my dollars.  The only item they offer that is unique is the english muffins.  Sorry not enough in my book to bother with.
Like their competitor Sprinkles, Tammie Coe is just way to sweet for me. Their frosting is heavier and their is just something in their cupcakes that makes me wonder what is that As much as my coworkers enjoy both Tammie Coe and Sprinkles, I pass everytime someone brings them in as I am just not a fan. For those that enjoy them, by all means I am not mad at ya. Just don't understand what all the fuss is about.
In the world of cakes, there's somehow an unspoken rule that if it's pretty, it's okay to be subpar in taste and moistness. In my world, this does not compute. It needs to be as tasty as it is pretty. Period.So I can only give kudos to the artfulness of a Tammie Coe Cake, but nothing more. Cakes where you are told to remove the fondant and then eat it... that's not right--you should be able to eat it all--and yummily so. If you like the taste of fondant... you've got to be kidding me--Yucky!So take my review or leave it. I just think a cake needs to be tasty and moist first and pretty second... less of course it's for a wedding, than it needs to be both EQUALLY. Who has ever said no to an ugly but great tasting cake Not me. So I'm putting my foot down and saying I won't eat a cake or cupcake that isn't tasty to me.Now, I must state that I am more a fan of cake than frosting. Frosting is secondary to me. So if you are more for frosting than for cake, ignore my note and have at all the Tammie Coe's and Sprinkles of the world--and have mine... no really, go ahead.If there IS frosting--for me and others like me, a little bit of frosting goes a long way with one exception: If it's Whipped Cream Frosting... then BRING IT ON! I like frosting's more subtler relative so if it's a Whipped Cream Iced cake, I won't make it a point to get an inside piece, or scrape off the icing at all as I would a basic frosted cake.Anyway, Tammie Coe's cakes or cupcakes don't do it for me. If I have to partake in one of her treats, I'd shoot for her pastries or cookies before cake or cupcake.As for MJ Bread, I have no complaints there... their breads really impressed. I can't remember which CenPho restaurant I had my first taste of MJ bread, but I remember being V E R Y impressed.
Tammie Coe's work looks incredible. I wish I could review it based on flavor, but I cannot. Here's why: My mother-in-law, thrilled at expecting her first grandchild, ordered Tammie Coe cakes for my baby shower. When she went to pick them up...WHOOPS!! Tammie Coe forgot to make them. 30 guests, catered lunch, no desserts. She ended up giving us pre-made cakes out of her freezers, and we forgave...after all, mistakes happen, right Even to very high-end bakers with huge followings and even huger price tags....right Fast forward a few years to my sister's bridal shower. Sister's having a destination wedding in Switzerland, in a castle in the Alps. Hostess throwing the shower wants to go along with the theme and have 30 individual Swedish "Princess Cakes" for dessert, which happen to be a favorite of the bride. We search high and low all around Phoenix to find someone other than IKEA who makes these unusual cakes (IKEA's are frozen, and who's got freezer space for 30 cakes). But guess who makes them to order Tammie Coe!!! She even remembers us from the baby shower a few years prior, and has the good sense to redden in the face over that embarrassing memory. We all share a good laugh over silly mixups, place the order, and pay nearly $300 for it. Shower day comes, we go to pick them up, these delicious, bride-requested, dream-wedding themed 30 cakes, and....WHOOOOOPS!!!! Tammie Coe forgot to make them. AGAIN. Seriously Yes, seriously. At this point, either Tammie Coe has some weird passive aggressive objection to my family's happy occasions, or she just sucks and can't get her business together. Note to Tammie Coe: if you're going to make a habit of forgetting to make pricey, occasion-driven baked goods, DON'T DO IT TWICE TO THE SAME FAMILY. Or maybe this is just how she rolls, and forgetting to follow through with orders is a common theme Either way, bad business model. Ta ta, Tammie Coe. Never, never, ever again.
I refuse to eat at a restaurant where you stole 98% of your menu from another restaurant and just changed the names!  Shame.Wish I could give zero stars
We went to lunch here for the first time after passing by it 100s of times, we went on a tuesday afternoon at 12:30, it was busy but not too crowded. This place is NOT vegan friendly in the least, all of the sandwiches have some sort of dairy in them as do the soups. You can make your own sandwiches but I can make a sandwich with cold veggies or sauteed veggies with mustard at home. I would suggest offering grilled zucchinieggplant with a sauce that is dairy free. All of the sandwiches are placed in sacks with plastic utensils and styrofoam cups, even if you eat in. This is not eco friendly, my pasta with marinara (which I can make at home) came in a nice plastic to-go container. While I realize this is not a restaurant per say, it would be nice if they had real forksknives and plates if you plan to eat in and get something more ecofriendly than styrofoam. I did ask if they recycled before we left, and was told that the kitchen does, which is great! However, there is not a recycling container in the restaurant for the sacksutensils or pasta to-go packages. I will not be returning to this non vegan friendly, non planet friendly sandwich shop and would not recommend it.
Really mediocre, just plain jane boring sandwiches.  They skimp on key ingredients, like cream cheese on the lox sandwich on pumpernickel, which btw the bread tastes stale and the worst pumpernickel I have ever had, not fresh or nice tasting at all.  Just really not a very good place and not very good sandwiches.  The thing that really earks me and inspired me to write the review is their cocky name Sacks "Art of Sandwicherie".  There is NO art going on here, just plain boring commercialized sandwiches that sound good but disappoint.  I will never be coming back, there are much better alternatives.  Basically anything other than subway will win this place out.  What a disappointment.
Someone in class suggested this place and it was such a let down. A large group of us went and many people liked their sandwiches but my turkey cranberry w stuffing sandwich was awful. The stuffing looked like dog food and it tasted like cardboard and fennel. The cranberry sauce tasted like it came from a can and there was nothing special about the bread. The upside is we got our orders fairly quickly and the atmosphere was alright for a quick lunch spot.
Absolutely terrible experience.  Two thumbs down.I have only heard good things about how great this place is. HA!Our office ordered about 20 sandwiches from them.  The hot sandwiches were luke warm.  The chip order was not delivered. The drink order apparently was forgotten as well.  An $8 Ceasar salad that you would think would fill the container was so small it would fit in a small bowl.Not recommended.  We will never order from there again and we have 350 people in our office.
A "neighborhood joint" that's closed on Sundays during football season
I hate giving bad reviews. Actually this is the lowest review I've ever given. I'm not sure what else to do when I pay $23 for a pizza that arrives cold and so soggy it's completely inedible. Straight to the garbage and off to buy dinner for the second time tonight. Awesome.
I will never use GrubHub or eat at Stumpy's again after my last experience. The order took about 30 minutes longer than expected. When it did finally arrive, it was cold and we were missing about 13 of the items we ordered. I even pre-tipped them a 30% tip in the hopes that it would arrive a little quicker. Nope. I emailed GrubHub, they said they spoke with Stumpy's and the missing items were on their way. Well nothing ever showed up, the restaurant never refunded our money for the missing items and GrubHub shrugged it off with a "we're sorry, here's $5 off your next order" canned reply. That was a fraction of the value of the items we were shorted. This fly-by-night service is DOA in my book. I'll use other local delivery services going forward and steer clear of shady-Stumpy's. I cannot believe they would say they delivered items when they did not - TWICE!!! The whole experience was pathetic and disappointing.
Now don't get me wrong, the cakes are absolutely gorgeous and they are moist, but they are cloyingly sweet and "single noted". With the rave reviews they had I thought I would splurge and pick one up for a family get together, but I was sorely disappointed. I could have made the same (or better) from a packaged cake mix and saved the $35.
You can get a better cake at Safeway for half the price (and I am not really a big fan of Safeway cake, but you get my point).  This place is a joke - don't believe the hype. Stay away from the overly-sugary nasty baked thing that does not deserve to be called 'cake'. Don't eat the free tasters, don't fall for the packaging and the fancy looking bakery. If you are this desperate for cake, seriously, just go to Safeway.
Just had some about 5 minutes ago. No.
A friend bought a red velvet cake for a party.  Under duress I took a bite to be polite.  It was everything I dreaded and more.  This time it was also gummy and stuck to the roof of my mouth.  The gift that keeps on giving.
I didn't like this place. Red Velvet cake is my favorite, so me and my boyfriend are always trying to find a good one. First of all, this place looks more like a boutique than an actual cake place. Second of all, the Red Velvet didn't even taste like Red Velvet. It just taste like a bland chocolate cake.
This place has THE WORST customer relations I've experienced in Pittsburgh since I moved here two months ago. My boyfriend was about to order a gyro, I was waiting for him at the table outside near the street with a drink and hotdog I had gotten elsewhere, there was absolutely no one else in their establishment. The person behind the counter then told my boyfriend that I was not welcome to sit at their outdoor seating area with him while he enjoyed his gyro. He canceled his order and we sat at the friendly place next door. Not only did Knossos lose my boyfriend's business that day, but they also lost both of us as future customers. What a petty and pathetic place.
Very disappointed. Delivery was late, our gyros were cold and fries were soggy. I wont be ordering from here again.
Awful poor excuse for a gyro. Food is always soggy. Meat is pure horsec*ck. Very unfriendly staff, but what do you expect from Greek fggots. Will never order from here again, total trash.
Today is 4-15-2011 and myself and my husband were driving back from another place and came upon Europa Pastry Cafe. I am European and my husband is Middle Eastern so we love authentic cuisines from all over. My husbands sister-in-law is of the boat Polish and cooks like a goddess and we were craving some good foodpastry. We went in and right off the bat there was such a great aroma of pastry. My mouth was watering. I still did not go over board as we have learned our lessons from the past. Place was clean and well organized. Not much of selection of anything but i guess for the space it is was ok. We were asked if we were ready to order, we were asked in a cold way. Jeeze, we are customers say hello or have a smile. So this was a bit of a turn off. We ordered 4 different things. 10 minutes after ordering we were home and cut the cinnamonraison bread holy crap it was horrible. It was dry it fell apart and had a stale and bland flavor. I want so much to return the crap right back to them. I have not tried any of the other 3 items but, I hope they are good where I can forget the crap raison bread.I will never go back. Knowing first hand how Polish pastries and food is supposed to taste I can say this place rates at the bottom. Polish food is VERY GOOD and very favorable and this place does not add up.
the bakery is okay but the service is terrible; went in on Saturday to pick up a cake I paid for and ordered on Tuesday; Waited 40 minutes and then when they finally got to me they said they had not started on the cake yet! I waited 40 minutes and there were only 2 people ahead of me. 3 employees walked by and did not aknowledge the wait; They told me to come back (too bad I pre-paid for the cake) and did not apologize, just went to the next customer; there are much better European bakeries in N. Central such as Karl's or Jana's that are better bakeries and better in service
closed!!!!!
closed - this is now la canasta.
Went in on a whim while I was downtown. Didn't know it was only Polish till I sat down because the name denotes all of Europe, and not just Poland. The menu also didn't have a lot of European foods on it, just a few desserts and borscht. There was only one waitress (the owner) and it was really busy due to a lot of special events going on in that area. They really should have gotten some temporary help as I waited a long time to even get a drink and she just kept telling people to sit down "if you're going to stay" but then you ended up waiting forever, wondering if you were even noticed.I got a turkey and cranberry sandwich on ciabatta - not really European at all! - and while it was a good size sandwich, it only came with a small bag of Lays and a pickle spear for $7. Way expensive for something I could have easily and cheaply made myself. They wouldn't let me get just half a sandwich and a bowl of soup for a set price ("We don't do half.") which would have been a lot more satisfying to both me and my wallet.The tea - a Polish brand fruit herbal tea - was really good and decent priced. They also had a few Polish brand items on a shelf you could buy (I bought a box of the tea for only $2.99). For the service and the prices, I won't be back (around $15 for a sandwich, tea, and a box of tea that took over an hour to get and eat... no bueno). Decent sandwich and cute house, but they need to rethink their menu a bit before I'd even recommend this place, much less come back.
I don't think this business wants business.  They close at 7 on a Friday night.  I met up with my party out front at 6:30 (still hot and light out in July) at this place based on the great Yelp reviews.  We walked in and the place is hideous inside you can look into the messy, cluttered kitchen, there are maybe 4 very crappy little (think Winchell's Donuts from the 1970's) tables in the whole place and they made no use of their patio.  The lobby and dining room are the same space.  So needless to say, not really the place you want to meet with friends.  Not even a place you CAN meet with friends, the tables are pretty much for 2 people and there are only 4 of them.  Anyway, being optimists and since we were already there we walked in around 6:45 the woman was rude to us for being there 15 minutes until close.  I guess she wanted to get out of there so we were told she was closing and we could get a to go order if we wanted to stand around and wait.  It wasn't like there was any seating.  I looked at the fat guy and another person sitting around in the messy kitchen and took the rudeness of their upset over how "late" we showed up as my cue that we were not really wanted there so we left and ended up at Westgate.  We tried to support downtown and felt bad that we were denied.  FRIDAY NIGHT!!  Any restaurant should at least stay open until 9 on Friday and Saturday or at very least seat until their posted 7 close time.  We should have just gone to Hause Murphy's.  They are open late and down there and have never let me down.
My experience at BBT was horrible. The man at the door carded both my grand daughter and me. I am over 65. He would not let us enter until I showed ID. Very dark and dingy bar area. Locals at bar were starring at us. We decided to eat on patio that was screened in.  Waitress slapped down menus. Not pleasant. We ordered.  I wanted to substitute potato pancakes for the fries that came with my meal. Was told NO  SUBSTITUTES.   Took way too long for food. Grand daughter asked for refill on her soft drink and was charged for a second drink. Not a good experience.  Will NOT be going back.
Gave it a try based on the reviews.  Unfortunately the food was very disappointing.  The food was not close to authentic Polish food.  The Kielbasa in particular was very bad and the potato pancakes dreadful. I will say I am of Eastern European descent and have traveled throughout the region so my standard is probably very different than most....and to top it off you had to pay extra for a soft drink refill.  I just find that irritating.
Tiffany prices with Kay Jewelers selection.I've gone to this place a couple of times to look for various items over the past few years.  Every time I leave the store I always try to remind myself never to come back.The prices are way more than what they should be.  Tacori rings and other merchandise is marked up about 30-40% more than other jewelry stores in Pittsburgh.I've had a couple of nice salespeople work with me, but some of the others were just plain rude.  They try to do a great job preying on Love by upselling items or addons that aren't even necessary.There are many other great jewelry stores in Pittsburgh that you can look at other than here.
The owner stole a bracelet brought in for repairs and has lied over and over about returning it.
Some nice settings for rings but some of the center stones were literally yellow to the eye and priced at $3000+. They definitely need to look at their inventory, quality and pricing. Wouldn't go back.
You better run from this place.  The owner must be a crook!  Our house was burglarized and the police found our very expensive watch for sale at this store.  My husband went with the detective to pick up the watch and the owner was rude and arrogant.  The police told us multiple times that this business is well known for buying stolen goods off the street and they continue to buy items from criminals although the police keep coming to their store and identifying stolen goods.  If you buy something from these guys you better make sure it has papers, authenticity and can be verified that it wasn't stolen.  Too bad that a local business would do this to their own clientele.
I inherited jewelry and made an appointment to come in and have it looked through to tell me what is valuable and what is not.  I came in after work and they told me what is 24k and what is not and then I had them test a few gemstones.  They told me that one of the stones was worthless--- Turned out to be a 1.7 Carat Diamond which I got appraised at two different stores to be worth approximately $21,000!!!!!They should be embarrassed. I would not ever return to this store. I am happy they did not steal the diamond from me but had I listened to them, considered it fake and not gotten a 2nd (and 3rd) opinion, I would not have known how EXTREMELY Valuable this diamond was.Shame on them!
Went in there with high expectations, Neil Brown "Who wants to be your jeweler!" never even came out of his hole in the back.  This place is over priced and will rip you off, also if you want to sell jewelry.  Don't go here!!!
The staff was very impolite. Everythin is over priced. I would try the places in Marketplace before ever coming here.
Tried to have dimmer here. 5:12 and still closed. No note or sign for explanation.  Unfortunate because I would have enjoyed trying it!
Disappointing is the word that comes to mind when describing Buraka.We first ordered the samoons (excuse spelling errors) and they came to us with a warm outside and cold inside, a sure indication of them not being fresh and most likely frozen beforehand. Then we ordered the combination platter with each a side salad. The salad was measly at best. Very little lettuce and only a tomato on top. The food came out and was also partially cold.Also, this is so far from authentic. They gave you silverware. Also, platters should be served on a large tray, almost like a pizza tray, with injera covering the whole thing. The chosen dishes then on top. NOT in a bowl. I've had Ethiopian food in both NYC and SF, both times phenomenal and authentic. I would never ever bring someone here for their first Ethiopian food. They would get the wrong impression. I know that if Buraka was my first Ethiopian restaurant I would not list Ethiopian food as one of my favorite foods. Avoid unless you are desperate.
Okay, so first of all, I'm not from Madison so my opinion of what Ethiopian food should taste like is skewed. But I'm not going to base this review solely on that. I'm going to write this review because the food my sister and I had here the other night was absolutely terrible. We were hoping for a great late-night bite after spending the day on State Street, and this place looked interesting...I wish we had just perused the menu and walked out.I ordered the vegetarian peanut stew, and I tasted no peanuts in the "stew" whatsoever. The injera was disgusting and didn't soak up any of the sauce. My sister commented that it felt like she might be eating skin. I took my last bite and about gagged. Sis had the chicken peanut stew, curious- I tasted her sauce to see if it had any hint of peanut... none. We were both so disappointed in coming here, we walked out pretty let-down and depressed that we actually spent money on that slop. I've had better food served to me from a high-school cafeteria, and believe me, that is saying something.Do yourself a favor and skip eating here, save your first experience with Ethiopian food for a visit to a bigger city. I hate to dis Madison because I think a lot of restaurants here do their best, but Buraka is simply serving the cheapest and most ill-prepared food and getting away with it because you Madisonians have nothing to compare it to! Sorry if this sounded condescending or rude but I really don't want anybody else to leave with a bad taste in their mouth.
This used to be my FAVORITE place to eat.  Today that sadly ended. First, they might be under new owners as the menu changed and the taste was a little different.  But, the worst thing that happened when I went today was that a saw a HUGE roach. The chef came out 2-3 times to try to kill it. he also used the word again, making me think this wasn't a new problem.  And, the worst part was that he asked the customer who pointed it out if she was scared of it. Um, I am scared that it has likely run around my food and nested in the ingera before you gave it to me.  So gross that you don't see to care!!!
I must be the only person not giving this place a 5. I went here because of the reviews and I'm going to be honest, I'm not sure if this is because my taste buds are different or I went on a bad day I went here for my birthday in April of this year and the food was disgusting....to me. I tried something from "raw food" menu and my husband tried an Ethiopian meal. This was the worst food I ever had in my life. If I could give this place a zero I would. Again, I was going to try something new, and I think that maybe, I'm just not into Ethiopian or raw food I'm going to try another Ethiopian restaurant in the future and see if its just me or if it was The Blue Nile. But yeah....ill never go here again. After a few bites of everything, we didn't touch our food and basically wasted money.  We ended up canceling desert, tipping really good because the waiter was amazing...but leaving without a to-go box.
Wow, I do not get why so many people like this place unless they like it because it is ethnic and different.I went with a group of friends, some of whom are vegetarian. We had 3 children with us. It is in a strip mall on University. It has very basic decorating. The owner was our waiter, his wife was in the restaurant and so was his child who ran around the whole time.We ordered 2 of the large assortment platters where you get a scoop of everything. We ordered injera bread and various drinks. I frankly felt overcharged for scoops of food that were CLEARLY not freshly prepared but froma steam table. Who knows when it was prepared! Sorry if you do not agree but food from a steam table is not worhty of the price they charge. I will not go back again. This is not the first Ethiopian restaurant we have been to and not the best.
The welcome we received walking in was colder than darth vader in outer space. As we walked to the table the hostess was not happy to seat us. We did not feel welcome and left to the Blue Nile on Rural and University. Blue Nile is great.... highly recommend over this place.
I now know why Ethiopians are so skinny, their food is gross and a huge pain in the ass to eat.  I wouldn't eat it either if it was all I had.  The whole eating with your hands might be quaint for some folk, I just find it welfare and cheap.  Call me crazy, but I enjoy a utensil now and then.  I say to the folk of Ethiopia "treat yoself - get some forks". All in all I'd say that's as close to Ethiopia as I hope to ever come, and the next time someone recommends this restaurant or type of food, it will serve as grounds to immediately never speak to them again and put a horrible curse on their sad existence.
Different food but not great. Service is very bad and slow. We were a group of 10 people went for lunch, the lady who served us was very rude. When we asked asked for the straws she literally threw them on the table. And the food was served to us after 45 mins. Regarding food, I feel the food had raw curry powder flavors and pretty much all the food items had similar taste.
Four of us enjoyed dinner there this week but within hours three of us had major stomach issues which to put it mildly put a damper on our enthusiasm for this restaurant.  Be warned.  We had beef, chicken, salad and vegetarian dishes.  Caveat emptor!
This restaurant is so over priced and mediocre I can't even eat here at all. The best place to get Ethiopian food is ethio-african spices in Phoenix. Don't go anywhere else. Trust me. I spend 50 dollars on just me and my boyfriend at this cafe and the food is dripping with grease leaving you with gas every time, and the injera isn't that good. If u want perfect Ethiopian cuisine for a fraction of the cost SORRY BUT YOU HAVE TO GO TO PHOENIX.
It's a pretty bad sign when natives don't come to this restaurant. This is not authentic ethopian food and made specifically to cater to Americans. This was the first time I was offered a fork which was bad sign 1. The injera taste like a tortilla and nothing like authentic injera, bad sign 2. Finally the awaze tibs was bland and the doro wot was extremely sweet. Definitely won't be coming back here since this is pretty much saying panda express is authentic Chinese food.
Horrible injera, it was NOT warm or fresh at all. I have been to many Ethiopian restaurants. They explained that I must have gotten injera from places that serve fresh injera out the oven. Wth
I ordered my food and they did not honor my coupon. The coupon had not expired yet.  They just said that they stopped accepting the coupon. We paid money for their coupon too. The food was sad. These guys will be going out of business shortly and smartly.
NOT the place in town I would recommend first for Ethiopian fare.At first glance, this place appears to be closed. The windows are dark and it's in a rundown shopping center that has certainly seen better days. However, the door does open when you pull it and the interior looks a little better than the desolate outside. Apparently, there's live entertainment at night because there's a small stage in the corner of the restaurant, and when I've driven by the place at night, it's bustling with business from cab drivers.Although I couldn't imagine why they'd want to eat here.I went with some folks from work in the afternoon a couple of weeks ago, and we all opted to do the lunch buffet, which costs roughly $10. I would have felt better if I had paid half that for the quality of food provided.The buffet set up, at first glance, appeared to be empty of food. However, on closer inspection, there was tons of food shoved into two little buffet carts. About half of the items were labeled, and less than a quarter of the items actually tasted good. Unfortunately, most of the items that tasted good were un-labeled, so I couldn't even begin to share what was enjoyable. The waitress told us the only item on the menu not included in the buffet was the kitfo, so we ordered some, which was also $10. It was surprisingly bland compared to the kitfo I've had at other Ethiopian joints.I doubt I'll be coming back to Meskerem.
I thought the food was mediocre at best but unfortunately the whole family group of six really despised the food and the decor passionately.We took the lunch buffet which was cold and not at all tasty.Their Ethiopian flat spongy bread crapes (injeras )had too much baking soda, it was bitterly unappetizing. The bean sauces and vegetable dishes tasted like leftovers from some days ago.  We did our best to barely eat what we could, since we figured that we would get a big fat bill.. we have had the best ethiopian food at several places.This place does not even come close to it.Very disappointed with the food .We were the only ones  the restaurant.We should have taken the hint.I would certainly not recommend this place.
I'm not in the habit of givng bad reviews to a restaurant but unfortunately this place gets one from me. Me and my friend came to Vegas for the weekend- came to this place because I got a coupon and an e-gift card from Restaurant. Com. I thought that they would be able to get the discount code from my smartphone - waitress said they only accept hard copy coupons (at most other restaurants they just take the code from the phone!) Service was slow - beef tibs not very flavorful -wait staff not very friendly. I'm used to the great tasting food and excellent service of Rosalind's in L.A. In a way it's good we came here-know not to come here next time!
As you can see, they've gone down and hit bottom in my book. It's a sad day when I look back to the 5 star days and now I am replacing those rave reviews with a lowly 1 star (which I've never done, until now).The other day I was craving Ethiopian food...it's my weird comfort food...something with eating with my hands. Although I remembered my last visit here to be less than great, I thought I would test my luck. Call me unlucky.It was one of those hot Charlotte days that reached almost 100, if not 100. We asked the owner if their AC was broken and she quickly agreed that it was. My gut feeling was that they just didn't have it on high enough (since when we've gone in the past it wasn't really cool either). But I'll give her the benefit of the doubt, although she had been dishonest with us in the past (see last review).Like others have mentioned, it is very slow service. She took our food order and our drinks didn't arrive (which we only wanted ice water to help beat the heat) until after she gave us our food order! And if you are familiar with Ethiopian food, some of the dishes have some spice...water is essential. The quality in food has definitely gone down. The lentil dishes are no longer meshed in a healthy clump, but now are a tad on the drizzly side. The cabbage dish was way overcooked. Lastly, they no longer have the dish that looks like a variation of couscous (which I know it wasn't, it just looked like that) and in its place is another runny lentil puree. They also stopped giving an entire injera bread and now have slices of it on a plate that equal half of one whole one. However, the one thing that has remained the same are the prices. Not worth it. I realize that a 1 star review is almost equivalent to a death sentence. But believe me, this place is dead to me.
The food was decent but not warm or hot at all. They charge you for things and don't tell you about it beforehand. The service is poor, you have to call them for service.
I have never tried Ethiopian before so I can't give a fair review of the food I had at Meskerem. What I can review however is the HORRIBLE SERVICE. The waiter, who I believe is also the owner, was extremely rude and condescending to the four of us. I had questions about the menu since this was my first experience with this type of cuisine and he seemed bothered by the fact I was asking questions. Seeing that I was getting nowhere with him, I chose chicken since I felt rushed to make a decision. It took almost 30 minutes for our meals to come out even though there were only two other tables occupied at prime lunch time (noon). Once our food arrived, the waiter never came back to check on us. We had to hunt him down for our check and when we received it, all of our orders were lumped together in one sum. I asked if we could pay individually for what we had and he refused. He split the $75 four ways and I ended up paying $18.75 for a handful of chicken and a can of warm Coke. (Oh by the way, they charge you for the baskets of bread you use to eat the food) Not happy with the experience, I only tipped $2 for a total of $20.75. When I checked my online statement a couple of days later, he had gone in and added more money to my tip !!! SO SHADY and ILLEGAL !! My advice, pay in cash and make sure you have plenty of time for an excruciatingly long lunch ! I will never recommend or spend another dime in this establishment.
People think i love giving bad reviews when in all actuality I root to give good reviews because when in an establishment I look forward to having a good time. I just I gave this establishment a 1* for the following reason.  Lets make this in bullet point form.1.)  After we sat down, we got our menus 10 mins after and it wasn't busy.2.)  Food takes a while to prepare.  Maybe my hunger just made my impatience stronger because it seemed like forever before we received our orders.  But that's probably normal.3.)  Decoration was minimal. There wasn't much thought into making the restaurant look appealing and welcoming.4.)  Lastly, the owner doesn't seem to care about customer service or whether people will want to come back or be given a bad verbal review because when we presented our coupon for the meal,(a) the server didn't know how to use it or what it was which only means the owner doesn't communicate things like that to his employees.(b) when she called the owner to find out how to use it, he wouldn't pick up the phone.  She dialed almost 7 times. It took my cousin to use his phone, a different number, for the owner to pick up.  Obviously, employees calls aren't important but unknown numbers are.(c) he subscribed to the coupon, my cousin paid for the coupon, and the owner wouldn't accept it.  The coupon was purchased for $15 and worth $30.  Our bill came to $31 and some change.  We ended up having to pay because the owner wouldn't accept the coupon he obviously agreed to. The only reason why I'm even bothering to give a star is because the food was really good.  The cook was great in preparing our dishes and for the server who was helpful and sweet and patient with us. Moral of the story, as great little businesses are, one of so many sometimes forget that customers will talk to other people or blast a review in yelp about the awesome or awful experiences we have in establishments.
I do not enjoy giving bad reviews, but based on principle, I have to give Merkato one star.First, I should state that the dining experience itself was good. We enjoyed the food. Being Filipino, we grew up eating with our hands. The prices are cheap. We went with a combination sampler plate for $15, which gave us a great introduction to their cuisine. We also ordered their whole fish dish for $10. It actually came with two nice sized fish and a large plate of rice with tasty sauce.If you want, you can stop reading here and head on over to try their food. You'll probably enjoy it.Everything was going well until it came time to settle the bill. I had a TownHog certificate for $30. I had mentioned it before we ordered, but suddenly the server said she didn't know what to do with it. She tried calling the owners but was unable to reach them after several attempts. Strangely enough, when she had me call using my phone, they picked up right away.To cut to the chase, the owner said he would not honor the coupon. He said he had called the company back in June and told them he no longer wanted to participate. So after sitting there for a long time, we ended up paying and leaving with a very bitter taste in our mouths.I just got off the phone with TownHog. The representative said that because Merkato has already been paid, she would have to call them to confirm that they refused the coupon before I can get a refund. They've already been paid That just makes the situation worse. It's just not right. You agreed to sell these coupons in order to get people into your restaurant. That's exactly the reason I was even there in the first place. It's essentially marketing and it worked. It got me into your shop.It's really a shame because we did enjoy the food. But there's no way I can return based on that ordeal. Luckily, there are other Ethiopian joints around town with similarly good reviews.
I feel bad. Giving a one star. I feel horrible, even though I shouldn't give a crap.At work, my coworker, Tesfaye (I'm sorry if I slept your name wrong) let me try his lunch... He said, just dig in with your fingers. I lOvE that. Just EAT! The reason I went here is because Ty is Ethiopian. In the break room, the left overs were flavorful and great!! That one bite made me crave a new culture of food I couldn't believe I have never tried.Straight away I told my fiance, we're going to eat Ethiopian food. Soon. Ty told me which places were good in Vegas. He said this was the best food wise. Couple other's were good, one which has bad reviews on yelp.....but, because this was the best we went here!Sunday, just past 2pm. We drive into the ghetto strip mall (which I love when it comes to food). People are leaving from the establishment as we arrive. And.. we walk in.The place is empty. Well, there were two females one older and bitter, one younger and chipper... but the place was empty of customers. We choose a table with our son, get the high chair, and wait. And wait... and then we wait. I waaaved my hand, and we waited. Finally we got attention!YES! We can try authentic Ethiopian food!! This is what I wanted my fiance to try! She went to Hong Kong with me while she was pregnant and we still haven't had this fare. The 'waitress' Comes over. We kind of know what to expect, but still have questions. Fiance orders the Salmon. I specifically ask what the difference is between their different lamb dishes. Response is, YES, you wont just the one fish Fiance says YES! She points to the same Salmon dish on the menu. Answer is OK.....okMy turn, again. I ask for the lamb wot dish Or more importantly please tell me what the different lamb dishes are... The description's look amazing. My taste buds are going crazy I just want to eat even though I have never in my life eaten in a place that has no customers!!!! (Seriously I don't think I have) Answer-Noooo.. just this one... 'server' pointing to the first lamb dish I pointed to... so.. OK I order that.. With confidence for sure. But then, the food comes.My dish comes first. The flavor of the sauce is exactly what my taste buds wanted to experience, but the substance.The delicious beef with bone stew flavor that they served me was what I expected Ethiopian food to be in flavor, but, it wasn't Lamb!What did I order Lamb.Patti's dish comes...... LOL yeah, you think that's Salmon. She told the server the specific number on the menu of what she wanted. The server brought the fish the kitchen wanted to get rid of.My fiance is too kind to complain. We should have. The 'server' said "TRY IT" "IT'S GOOOOD"... Patti said... yes... it is...... So she ate her white fish.but WOW. When I paid, the owner looking guy walked away when he heard me asking the question "If I come again will you give us what we order"ARE YOU KIDDING ME Think about this. When is the last time you have been to a 'restaurant' and been served something you didn't order. Entirely.And ate it. OK. The food was OK to eat. With the horrible taste in our mouth of being screwed over unfortunately. My dish just tasted like a nice Mexican beef stew that I'm cooking right now at home. But, ugh, the fish... yeah... it was deep fried fish you can get from anywhere frozen. THANKS!WOW.I guess I need to come here with Ty in order to appreciate it. That's really sad to me.This dinning experience was actually the worst in my life. It's a zero star for sure. Now I have about a decade of work to do convincing my fiance to try Blue Nile... she's completely done with Ethiopian food as of right now. (Ambiance was nice, if there were other people Everything was clean, but when you have my experience you don't even recognize ambiance)
Server aren't professional at all. Good authentic Ethiopian food. Horrible service. No thank u. I can make it  home.
I -really- wanted to enjoy myself at Merkato Ethiopian Cafe.  I've never had Ethipian food and my companion had only enjoyed once so we decided to go to the highest rated place in Vegas that was the cheapest - Merkato seemed to be a great choice.We have been doing 30 days of vegetarianism so we decided on the pastries with lentils as an appetizer and the vegetarian combo that most people on Yelp rave about. I found it a bit strange when the vegetarian combo came out without the pastrieslentils - but figured that they would bring it out later or forgot to get it. She spooned a red chili-consistency food onto the sponge-bread plate that was the vegetarian combo. At this point I had finished my water before beginning to eat. Everything tasted good; the Injera (spongey bread) went well with everything but I found that it might have tasted better if it was warm instead of cold (not a beef with the restaurant). My companion took a bite and pulled something out of her mouth. This is where things took a turn for the worse.She showed me a small black rock that was in the yellow food that looked like mashed corn. I thought it might be a seed, and she dropped it on her plate - making a loud chink sound. I felt it and we definitely agreed it was a rock. A rock in our food Really A waitress never adressed if we were doing okay; but to be fair they were busy chatting with each other ALONE at the bar instead of helping their customers. My water was empty the whole dinner and was never refilled. I had to walk to the waitresses and ask them for the check. This is when the second strike happened.The check read a vegetarian platter and then an $8 appetizer that we did not order. Instead of giving us the pastry, they had given us a more expensive appetizer that they had scooped on to the plate. However, there was no way we could have known this during dinner because 1.) nothing was ever explained to us what each thing was and 2.) they appetizer apparently came at the same time as the vegetarian platter (and the description of the vegetarian platter is vague on the menu). I asked if they could take some of the cost off of the appetizer - I acknowledged  that maybe there could have been more communication, but it really was a mistake on the waitresses part for taking down our order wrong. She said "Oh no, because that's good stuff and you're taking it to-go." to which I responded "I don't want to waste your food, if you want to throw it away and take some of the charge off i'm okay with that;" She said she couldn't do anything and was completely unreceptive and unapologetic. Her view was that we should have told the waiter that we had received the wrong appetizer. My companion told her and showed the the black rock that was found in the food. No emotion. No apology. She just said "Oh..." Are you kidding me We were astounded by how terrible the service was.Poor communication takes two parties, but they really dropped the ball on this one.Poor waiting service because I had to get up to ask for the check and no one came to check on us - they weren't busy with anything else but conversing with each other.Poor kitchen - there was a rock in the food. A rock.I'm very upset. I'm very sad that I'm writing a poor review; before this my companion always joked that I always have a great time and enjoy all dining experiences. That streak is over. Thanks a lot Merkato; avoid this place at all costs just in principle of the way they treat their customers.Restaurants that care more about money than sharing an experience with their customers don't deserve to be open - there are too many passionate and loving business ownersworkers that are struggling to support an operation like Merkato.
I really wanted to like this place. Gave it a second chance too. Our lamb wasn't cooked at all, cold and chewy rare is not a pleasant way to eat it. We asked it be taken back and cooked a little more and they took us at our word. "A little more" was all it got. Not even warm. We also asked for any of their specialty hot sauces and had to ask twice more before anything was brought out. My boyfriend likes spicy food and so do I.The waitress didn't make any attempt to talk to us and we felt unwelcome like the first time. I hate to say it but if this is a locals hang out they definitely don't warm up to anyone new. Last chance and it was a fail.
Would love to try this place but since they close so early (8pm) I need to do take-out as to not keep the place open later.  Unfortunately, I've called them on 4 separate occasions and have yet to have someone actually answer the phone.  I only get the recording.  This is beyond frustrating as I'd love to try it, as I'm a huge fan of Ethiopian food and am very excited about it's addition to Gilbert.  It appears they don't really need, nor want the business though.  So until they learn how to operate a business with customers in mind... 1 star.  I understand they may be busy, but then offer online ordering on the website, put a message on the voicemail, hire a helper during busy hours... or don't, and continue to lose customers.  It's not unreasonable to call a business during it's business hours, and expect an answer, at least by the second try.
I would like to try this place, but they are unresponsive to customers.  It seems that they tried to advertise with Groupon, and then didn't actually like it when customers tried to redeem their Groupons.--Did not answer the phone repeatedly--Actually spoke to her once, and she told me to text her.  I texted, got no reply.--Showed up at the restaurant at 4:30PM on a Saturday, and the doors were locked.  No answer to knocking or calling the phone.  --Other customers were outside, waiting.  One couple actually had a 4PM reservation, and was still waiting outside nearly an hour later.Tina's Ethiopian Cafe is not treating their customers with respect, and this is unacceptable.
I have honestly never, EVER been treated so poorly at a restaurant before. It must be nice to be Benjie M., who gave the place 5 stars and said Tina was sweet and friendly, because to me, Tina was one of the rudest people I've ever met. I had a Groupon, and so my boyfriend and I went in February on a Saturday night. We got there about 7:30. When we walked in the door, Tina was socializing with friends. When she saw us, she rolled her eyes and said, "ARE YOU SERIOUS! We closed like an HOUR AGO." Confused, I pointed out that their sign says that the last seating is at 8, and it was only 7:30. She told me that she didn't care and she'd decided to close early. We complained that the Groupon we had expired soon, and we wouldn't be able to come back before the expiration date. Tina sneeringly said, "Well didn't you see the SIGN" as she pointed out a small, hand written sign that all Groupons would be extended until March 28th. Disappointed, hungry, and a bit shaken by being spoken to so rudely, we left.Last night, we decided to come back and use that Groupon. We even made sure to get there nice and early, at 6. They were open, and we were seated. However, when we mentioned the Groupon this time, Tina said, "Oh that expired a long time ago." I reminded her of the sign she had had up saying that the Groupons would be extended until March 28th. She proceeded to give us a rambling, condescending lecture, basically amounting to the fact that she changed her mind, and refused to honor it.Needless to say, I really don't appreciate being treated like trash, and will never be coming back here again. If you want Ethiopian food, I'd recommend the Blue Nile Cafe in Tempe. Better menu selection, delicious food, pleasant staff, and comparable prices.
I always told myself that I would go to a local restaurant at least a couple times before giving a bad review, and I tried to go to this place 2 times so here you go. After working with a few Ethiopian restaurants in Atlanta on their marketing, I thought it was high time I try out an Ethiopian restaurant myself since I've never been, so when this Groupon popped up I thought perfect! As things with expiration dates go, I ended up trying to use this on the day it expired, a Monday, presidents day. Since the time I bought it I've moved away from Gilbert so we made a special trip out here to eat here, and invited my cousin and her husband to join us (even more potential customers, with 2 full paying customers!). I tried calling several times since the Groupon mentioned to call ahead, and I wanted to verify the times they were open but nobody ever answered. The recording did say their place was not open on holiday's, but since this is a restaurant and not a bank, I figure a restaurant would be open on presidents day. Apparently Ethiopia celebrates the American presidents now because when the 4 of us pulled up the place was closed. To double up on what Marissa said in her review, they did have a sign on the door saying they will accept Groupons until a date in March, I can't remember the exact date but I figure we would just come back and ended up going to San Tan Brewery (read my review for a great dining experience). Here is where things go even more south, I called to see how long again they will take that Groupon, Tina answers and starts complaining to me about Groupon, how I had all this time to use it and how she is not taking them anymore. I told her she had a sign on the door and I just wanted to know the date she will take them to. I JUST WANTED TO TRY SOME ETHIOPIAN FOOD!! I said I'd be happy to use just the value I purchased ($13) not the full amount it was good for (a full dinner for 2). She actually has no choice, businesses in Arizona are required to accept the purchase price since it's considered a gift certificate, but not the "groupon" deal. Either way she seemed to lighten up and said just come on in and she'll accept it. So that brings me to my 2nd attempt to eat here last Friday, March 23rd. We arrived shortly after 7:00 pm and were relived to see it was open. After walking in, we stood around for a few minutes until this little girl (as in 5 year old) walked into the back (presumably to tell whoever was working back there that people are here), out came someone (not Tina) who proceeded to tell us they were closed. I said I don't understand, there are people eating, the front door was open, it's 7pm on a Friday, but he said they were out of some ingredient and are closed now. So that was the last straw. After my 3 experiences with this place, how I was treated over the phone, how they seem to open whenever they want and not accommodate any bit of consideration to their customers, here is my first 1 star review for a restaurant.
UPDATE: Someone (who just joined Yelp btw) sent me an extremely abusive email via Yelp re: my negative review. Whoever this person is, firstly, doesnt speakwrite english properly, and secondly, makes threats that are ridiculous (I.e Tina will kick my ass if I ever went back to her cafe!) Are you kidding me! First of all, i will never ever go back there, unless I'm needed by the Health Dept. to testify against this establishment, and second, don't ever threaten me, especially when I'm giving my honest opinion. Have you heard of freedom of speech Sounds like Tina has a posse, but that is all she'll ever have when she loses her business due to dubious business practices! Hands down, absolutely the worst dining experience I've ever had. We only stayed because we were already there, and I had purchased a Groupon, wow what a waste. We sat down, and weren't even acknowledged for at least 10min. Then, the menus came about 20min later. So, about 30min of total wasted time. Maybe they were hoping we would read the disgustingly dirty book that was on the table on Ethiopia It's a great idea, until you realize it's not practical at all for a restaurant. Forget that our copy was from 1964. I'm sure even Ethiopia has changed since then. Moving on to the ambiancedecor. Absolutely, disgusting and dirty. It's old, owner's kids were playing in and out of the kitchen (hello), the kids' high chair (which was a regular high chair, not a restaurant style) was so disgusting, I had no idea what to do with my baby. Food. OMG. The amount of food you get is meager. I'm not kidding. It's a tiny little portion, probably about 3 tablespoons It came out cold and it looked like someone had thrown it up. I had ordered the biggest plate that combined most of the foods (which by the way, there are only 15 on the menu, and they were out of 4 of them), and my husband had ordered his own plate. After we patiently waited for the food, the server (who had no idea what was going on) came out and asked us if it's ok for them to put my husband's order on my plate. What Why But we said "fine" bc frankly, we wanted to just leave! In any case, the amount of my food was reduced by what my husband's food took up as space, which is not much, believe me. The quality of the food was just subpar. Cold, not tasty and lacking in meat.The "bread" was wet and sour, and I don't believe that's how ethiopian bread is. Some entries were beef and chicken, but you wouldn't have known it if it wasn't indicated on the menu. There were probably 2-3 TINY pieces of chickenbeef over all, I'm not kidding. (I wonder if it's bc I told them we had a Groupon in advance, and they just gave us a tiny amount of cold food with no apparent presence of meat.) Service was just horrible, and the girl (was she the owner, or maybe the owner's daughter) who waited on us at first, had no people or service skills. The boy who came in late apparently, was out second server, and he mentioned it was his second day, so he had absolutely no idea what to do. It was so sad to watch, really. The woman was just awkward. I wondered if there was something behind the scenes (in the kitchen) we weren't aware of, that was making the people working there completely incapacited. I also thought that if this restaurant can survive, anyone can be in the restaurant business apparently. I have traveled a lot, and am open to and love other cultures (I, myself, am not American), but this was by far not a tolerable or pleasant experience in any way. Looking at their website, you would think they are a well-established and clean business  but make no mistake, they are absolutely not. I am actually surprised they are still operating, and have a license. My husband and I wondered how long they will stay open, he gave them a month (but I have no idea how long they've been open for already.) Either way, we will NEVER ever go back there and waste another dollar. Please don't waste your money.
If you think the service and food is bad, just wait until you write a bad review for this disgusting, dirty poor excuse of a restaurant. My boyfriend and I gave it try because of a groupon he had purchased, and like many others that attempted to redeem it...they treated us like we were trash. I don't think they understand the concept of coupons, otherwise they would have tried to make more of an effort. The fact of the matter is, businesses use coupons and promotions to gain a regular population of customers and bring in revenue...but here at Tina's, they use it as a scam. Well it worked, my boyfriend bought the groupon and Tina's found a reason why we couldn't use it EVERY time we tried to use it. They also have little children working there so maybe they should be checked out concerning child labor laws. My boyfriend has been getting harassed non-stop for giving his honest experience with this business on yelp, not only over yelp messaging but by text message also (apparently their business phone is a cell phone and when he called to make sure the messages were from an employee they saved his number after cussing him out). They continue to be unprofessionally vulgar with the language, threatening and were very racist in their messages (calling him a dirty mexican--when he's not even hispanic) which is UNACCEPTABLE. I am ready to hear the racist and demeaning words they have for me, but I think the world should know how disgusting this place is. DO NOT SUPPORT BUSINESSES LIKE THIS, THEY SHOULD NOT GET AWAY WITH TREATING PEOPLE WITH SUCH A LACK OF RESPECT. There are so many other well-deserving, hard working, personable businessesrestaurants that deserve your time and money. And please believe me, when I get the treats and disrespectful messages because of this review it is going straight to the yelp offices and all over the internet.Oh and btw, the person harassing us is an employee there and has written a five star review, so I wouldn't trust any of the good reviews on here. This place needs to get shut down.
Just got this message from one of the owners (their review is under Jestin M.) this is me one of the owner of Tina's cafe.  you are obviously a poor idiot who is miserable in life.  If you have a nerve, you should've tell your complaint to us instead of crying out on yelp.  We have so many flowers and will continue doing great. Tina will bit the fack out of you if you come and let her know who you are.  ASS HOLE. Go back to your Mexico and eat corn with your whore mother.  by the way, your picture looks like a a guy who is infected with some kinds of disease.   Your women is ugly as you btw (lol)So after this I personally called and spoke with a manager, they confirmed Jestin works there. Even though I was being cordial with my tone and trying to be helpful in saying that this was my experience, maybe others are experiencing the same thing and that can help fix the problem, they proceeded to say a few things I wont retype here and hung up. I responded back and so did they. If you want to read that here is a screen shot of that: http:i.imgur.comPvcBz.jpgSo it was not enough for them to say that message. They just texted me this right now (since I called with my cell). "You keep mentioning 5yrs old about your stupid compain, we will report your info to be investigated if you are a child melester. Tina has a right not serve you for the safty of our customer. Take your little 10 dollar to mcdonald's. Lol"Here is a screen shot of the text I just got from the business phone number:http:i.imgur.com6j55D.pngSo if you feel like this is a place you would like to try out after reading this, by all means take your chances.
Apparently, the staff here is even worse than I thought. I, like several others, have now received extremely abusive and lewd messages from someone who is confirmed to work at Tina's, and by their own account, is part of the management. Unless you care to be treated like trash, called awful names, harassed, and threatened, I suggest you find someplace else to eat.
Tina needs to get a dose of reality. After I was harassed and verbally abused for leaving a negative review, Tina responded to it as well (my original review). Note to to you, Tina: our Groupon was NOT expired! So I'm not sure what your rant was about. In any case, I was really hoping this awful experience will be just left alone, but it seems like Tina and her workers can't get pass the reality of the situation, and the fact that there may be some customers who enjoy the disgusting atmosphere and undercooked and cold food, but there are also many, like me, who didn't enjoy anything about this (so called) restaurant, and will never go back! Newsflash to you, Tina&Co...This is no way to conduct business and it never be acceptable, here in the U.S. If these abusive tactics work in Ethiopia, they certainly do not here and will get you business shut down sooner than you can send another nasty email. I actually feel sorry for you bc you seem to have fooled a lot of people with your what it seems to be a very bi-polar attitude. If you ever contact me again, whether is by sending me another unacceptable and harassing email, or by responding in an abusive way, I will contact a few of the authorities that might want to look into your business (health Dept, the police), in addition to contacting some TV stations..believe me, this will be a good story for them! You are lucky I haven't done this yet bc make no mistake, I am relentless if I want to get something done.
Tina, instead of harassing people, try spending your time on improving and building your business (if that's even possible.) You are the most unprofessional business owner I have ever encountered. You accuse people who give your cafe negative reviews of things that are not only true, but preposterous (yes, look it up.) You claim to have all these supporters (true or not) but by judging how you abuse people, you may not have many to speak of soon..especially when they realize that you have kids working at your low-rate establishment. I can only feel sorry for you and your business. To all the people who are thinking about going to this place: spend your hard earned dollars elsewhere. There are so many small businesses who will treat you right and make your money spent well worth it. This "cafe" is not one of them. If you do end up going there, and happen to write a negative review, brace yourselves for a string of abusive and harassing replies to your review. To Tina: spend your time on your business, not on harassing people. Maybe you can even see a therapist, you seem to have a lot of issues (disconnect from reality, lying, anger, inability to take criticism and improve, consistent defamation of other honest people..should I go on!) You are a sad excuse for a small business owner, and it's people like you who give a bad rep to your country.
I had quite the dining experience at Cottage Cafe. Where to begin...When we walked in the front door, the only people in the place were the staff. They watched us as we stood there, only approaching us after we seated ourselves. Since we had never had Ethiopian food before, we asked for some recommendations. The waitress spoke so softly that I could barely hear what she was saying, but we ended up ordering drinks and three entrees: lamb, beef, and this bean dish. After we ordered, a man came in and placed a to-go order. About 20 minutes after we ordered, he got his food and left. About 15 minutes later, we finally got our food. The lamb and bean dish were very good, but the beef was not. First of all, there wasn't really any beef. We got these chunks of bone, most of which looked like sections of vertebrae, that had a few small pockets of meat buried in the gaps, but that was about it. Second, one of the sections of bone had a few ribs still attached. Normally I wouldn't mind, but considering I have seen beef bones before, I know that THESE WERE NOT FROM A COW. These ribs were small and I am convinced they were probably from a dog or a cat. When we asked the waitress about the beef, she just said, "Yes, the meat is there." Odd.After we finished eating, the waitress didn't come to take the plates away for a good 20 minutes. After we sat there for another half hour or so, she finally brought the bill. I tend to look over restaurant bills before paying, and in this case, I thought that one of the line items was more than was listed on the menu. We asked the waitress if we could see the menu, so she obliged, but as she picked up the menu, she immediately went back into the kitchen where we could hear her arguing with the chef. She came back to our table, set the menu down, and without hesitation told us that one of the line items was mistakenly overcharged. She proceeded to correct a separate line item from the one I had noticed. I then checked each price on the bill against the prices listed in the menu and found that EVERY SINGLE ITEM WAS OVERCHARGED! I have to give them credit for not even try to be discrete about ripping us off. Anyhow, she took the bill back into the kitchen to correct it and didn't bring it back for about five minutes. It appeared she was arguing with the chef again. Maybe we were just being paranoid, but when we got the correct bill, we paid with cash. I had this feeling that paying by credit card would result in a slew of suspicious charges. I wouldn't be surprised to find out this place is a front. Meatless meat dishes and shady service aren't the traits of a restaurant that cares about customers returning. Who knows, maybe they just tried to take advantage of us since we weren't Ethiopian. Regardless, dine at your own risk.
As I have noted in other reviews, I am a recent transplant from Venice Beach, CA and have decided to dive right into the scene!In LA, there are tons of wonderful Ethiopian restaurants to choose from, so I have been checking out what Las Vegas has to offer.  I began my journey at Meskerem last week (see my review) and decided to check this place out. I read a post ( don't think it was on Yelp) that said that Cottage Cafe was better than the spots in Little Ethiopia in LA. That's a bold statement! Needless to say, I had to see what the hot fuss was about.I called my order in as I know that Ethiopian joints can some times have service that is SSSSLLLLLLOOOOOWWWWW! I placed an order for the vegetarian combination and the lamb stew. An order like this from most Ethiopian restaurants is typically enough food for me to make into about 6 meals. Perfect as I do not want to cook in 105 degree weather! The first woman who answered had to get someone else to take my order as she could not understand the simple phrase, "I'd like to place an order to go".... Anyway, I ordered (with a bit of apprehension) and proceeded to head over thinking that surely my food would be ready by the time I got there. I live in Green Valley and the restaurant is around the corner from UNLV. You would think that that would be enough time....Of course there were no customers in the place when I got there (about 9 pm on a Thursday night) and the chicks behind the bar looked put out to have a paying customer walk in the door. When I said that I was there to pick up my order, one frowned up at me and asked what it was and proceeded to write out the ticket and take it back to the kitchen. HELLO! The point of calling it in was so that it would be placed and ready for me to pick up! The other chick never said a word and just disappeared into the back somewhere! Wow!After standing at the bar and watching an episode of Real Housewives of NY on their big screen TV, I finally got my order. Long story short, for $23 bucks, I was expecting more food, more flavor, and some form of service ( a simple 'Hello" would have been nice)!When I got home I was pretty disappointed. The portions of veggies were way smaller than I am accustomed to, and the lamb was way dry. Unlike one reviewer, I know it was definitely lamb (not dog or cat meat like he said---tee hee hee :-)), but the bone to meat ratio was pretty high and I had to add my own Ethiopian spices to it! Don't know how anyone could give this place more than 1 star, but I would avoid this place at all costs!  Never again will I return. For the first time in my life, I am NOT looking forward to the left over Ethiopian chilling in my fridge. Being tipsy helped it go down okay last night. Might have to try that again for the remainder!
this is the WORSE Ethiopian food I have ever tasted. I can't believe this place has good reviews; I guess it's good for Pittsburgh, but if you've had Ethiopian food in other cities, than spare yourself the pain of having to swallow this food and the money. This does not even come close to authentic Ethiopian food. I never knew Ethiopian food could be Americanized. Also, ingera is not supposed to be hard, it was either not stored properly or its been out for awhile; Zilzil tibs is supposed to be thin long pieces, not thick, the berbera sauce is not even close to what it's supposed to be. Is the owner or the chef even EthiopianWhat right do I have to judge Ethiopian food Been going to different Ethiopian restaurants for over 12 years and my best friend is Ethiopian. On top of that, this place charge you for every little thing! I ordered 2 entrees, tea, and appetizers here, why did it cost the same as the meal I had at another restaurant (in Chicago) where I had the same meal AND a bottle of Ethiopian honey wine
Before I start, I would like to say that I am fully Ethiopian and have also been to Ethiopia, so based on a lifetime of experience I know good Ethiopian food. That being said, Abay is NOT the place for authentic Ethiopian food.It was crowded when I went and a had a little bit of a wait, but that is to be expected of a restaurant so busy. Once I got my injera and wot I was EXTREMELY underwhelmed by how watered down and un-authentic the wot tasted. Abay clearly caters to blander, more "American" tastes, which is fine if you are not looking for real Ethiopian food.If you want real Ethiopian food, GO TO TANA. It's literally the next street down and I'm telling you it is the best, most authentic Ethiopian food in Pittsburgh. It is also owned and operated by Ethiopians, as opposed to Abay which is owned and operated by an American. Every time I pass by Abay I am astounded at how crowded it is...little does everyone know the REAL Ethiopian food is right down the street.
We were visiting family and I suggested we try an Ethiopian place - so naturally I checked Yelp.  Well I can not disagree more with the reviews!  http:www.abayrestaurant.commenu.shtmThe food at this restaurant was horrible!  The vegetarian sambussa was greasy, the soup was fatty and spicy but without any other flavor.  We ordered the vegetarian sampler for 4.  First the presentation was lousy. The extra injera was awkwardly rolled up around the tray (by the way we were seated at a regular table, with chairs - if you care about lack of ambiance).  The Ye' Abesha Gomen tasted plain and flavorless.  My sister actually put salt on it if that gives you an idea of how bad it was.  The Kik Alitcha (yellow split peas) also had no sauce or flavor.  The WORST dish by far was the Kay Sir Dinich (the description says: potatoes and fresh beets stewed and blended with garlic, ginger and onions) It looked and tasted like canned beats chopped up into cubes!!!!  I couldn't see any potato, and certainly did not taste any other ingredients.  It was comically bad!!!!The Inguday Wat was the only edible dish, and it was just spicy, again no real flavor.Save yourself the money!!! To clarify - the service was very good (fast, polite, etc) It's just the food that I don't recommend. Plus everyone had an upset stomach after dinner.  Don't come here, it's just bad food.
As an Ethiopian I found it lacking in authenticity and the seasoning tended to be over  or under spiced.
Didn't like the food. Probably because of my bland Americanized pallet. The food was pricey. They want you to pay for the "cultural" experience. It also took our waitress around 45 minutes to split our checks and run our cards. The place was practically empty at the time. Not cool.
Ehhhh...not so much.While the building, level of service, and rooms were in line with a typical Holiday Inn, the staff and management committed an egregious offense against me - a returning and Priority Club customer.Brief summary of my horror story - We check in, we get the wrong room.  They move us, give us keys to a filthy room.  We bring that up and leave for the day for them to clean it.We get back to the room, and I check my bank account and find a significant amount of money missing - $329.  After spending about an hour on the phone with my bank, we trace the charges to the Holiday Inn I am staying at via the card that I have left for incidentals.Despite prepaying for the room, we've now given the Holiday Inn about $600 for a two-night stay in a $110  night room.Furthermore, the banks had closed so I couldn't transfer more money into my checking account until after the weekend.  It wasn't that I didn't have access to cash, but I had financial fraud to deal with on what was supposed to be a fun weekend with the guys.When I bring it up at the front desk, I am immediately given run around.  They pull up my info on their computer, and gasp as they see their error.  The staff wouldn't take ownership of their mistake, they simply blamed a computer error.  I finally get a manger who says he'll deal with the issue, and I don't receive any further communication, as I'm pretty sure he wasn't planning on working during the weekend.The next day of my stay I call the front desk again, and demand answers.  This manager was a bit more assertive in handling the issue.  She spent time on the phone with my bank, and then my bank conferenced me in as we searched for a way to overcome Holiday Inn's costly error.After dealing with this issue for about 5 total hours, it becomes apparent that there is no way my money will be returned until after the weekend.  I demand to only pay half of my hotel bill, which is immediately granted.  By then I was tired of dealing with the issue and took their bill reduction as adequate compensation.Ultimately, don't use a debit card to pay for incidentals on a hotel room, because hotel systems may automatically withdraw an egregious amount of funds from your account, which could cash screw you for the weekend.  Also, DON'T STAY AT HOLIDAY INNS because the staff and management is comprised of lazy, lying, and incompetent thieves.That is all.
This is the second time that my husband and I have stayed at this hotel.  Both experiences have been terrible.  The staff is very rude and does not go out of their way to smile or go the extra mile.  The decor is bright and nice, but it is not maintained very well.  The lobby could use a good cleaning.  Also, there is a $15day charge for parking at this hotel.  The location is great, you can walk to pretty much anywhere, but it is very noisy even on higher floors.  We were mostly disappointed because we got a double room for Valentine's day and when we asked to for a king room, J.J. told us that we had booked online so we got whatever they had.  We felt like we were treated as second rate citizens because we had booked online.  Then when we got to the room, the faucet was so loose it fell over.  It was fixed promptly, but made a bad first impression.  Neither time my husband and I have stayed at this hotel have we had a good experience.  I would strongly recommend staying at one of Charlotte's other nice hotels if you want a good experience.
Quite possibly the most miserable hotel experience of my life. noisy, dirty, poorly renovated and the WORST customer service known to man. The way I was treated by the front desk was enough reason to never step foot within a mile radias of this place. Doesn't even deserve one star in my book. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
AWFUL!! i booked a hotel room here for New Years Eve and was not told that it was a non-refundable pre-paid hotel room! 1 month after i booked the room and 1 month before I was staying there my credit card was charged for the room!  I was treated like an idiot by Carmen who answered the phone.  She kept saying that I should have known but I would not have been so upset if I had known the hotel could charge my card any time they wanted!!  Make sure whoever you speak to tells you everything when booking a room!!  Would not recommed this hotel solely based on the way I have been treated!!!
We had a series of misfortunate events take place from the moment we arrived, all the way through to the time we left.  It's actually quite sad because I'd like to share the information, but I'd rather lick dog poop off the bottom of my shoe than waste another moment of my life on this place.  It's awful and we won't be going back.  The worst of our experience  Let's just say that the hotel employee who used his master access to open up our room, while we were in it, with the privacy sign on, pretty much sealed the deal here.  If anyone's had theft problems, this may be why.  Hotel staff was quick to throw out "sorry" for each thing that went wrong, but we strongly suspect nobody meant what they said. (I didn't want to give this place any stars, but one star is needed to submit this review...)
Steer clear of this hotel.  Mediocre rooms but very unpleasant service - they do not honor reservation requests and have nothing but excuses. Bar is way overpriced.  There are MANY choices in Charlotte - do not consider this hotel as one.
This place is a zero-star dive. In particular, do not eat dinner in the depressing restaurant.
DRAT.  I booked this three star hotel via hotwire Im not an expert on the 5 star rating scale, but I thought too highly of a three star rating. Not clean, all kinds of shiz on the hallway floors, Ex. sunflower seeds, paper, in the corners you can see dirt & debre build up.  The main lobby is promising, to suck you in, but the plaster in the walls is cracked, room doors have been painted over 755778738688796 times.  My big window looks like someone stuck their big nasty greesy forehead and smeared it throughly.  Their was a big private hair atop my toilet paper roll.  On Hotwire I got this room for $68 if you were to walk in the rate is $99.  So thank goodness I got it for the cheaper price!  Better than my last hotel stay  La Quinta but still gross
The place reminds me a lot of my freshman dorm. Peeling walls, fluorescent lighting flickering in the elevator and strange humid smells. Although my bed and bathroom were pretty clean, and the staff were really great, the hotel itself is pretty old and resembles a trucker motel. Way overpriced for what it is.
This hotel is stuck in the middle of nowhere. The restaurant staff is relatively friendly, but the spacedecor is "budget" at best.We had several problems with the Receptionists. Problems include: not being able to book a taxi, problems over room check-indouble booking a our room, and being rude over the phone.Also, our Damn Room Key would never work!! I had to walk up and down every time to get it to work again..My best advice, pay a little extra money and book a hotel in Uptown Charlotte. This place doesn't deserve the business.
Nice staff.Dirty. There was fecal matter on my shower curtin. Cleanliness is not a priority here.  Hotwire is the reason for all my problems. I will never do name your own price.
This place is too big for it to be even remotely well run. The front desk staff are indifferent at best (don't expect a warm welcome or invitation to return.) And watch your step going down the unlit stairs at night and beware of golf carts driving at night with no lights on! Definitely inquire as to any conference load they may be carrying during your stay because, despite extremely high unemployment rates, they are not adequately staffed. After getting a drink at the bar in the Lobby Bar and Grill after the solitary table server ignored me, I practically had to enter my dinner order into the system and bus my table afterwards. Bring an ethernet cable because wireless signal is generally low. Good things - the food was good although, as is not unusual at a place like this, expensive. Pretty property in an otherwise bleak urban (not withstanding the South Mountain preserve) surround.
the Spa is TERRIBLE!where to start: first i had to change in locker room, which was thru the gym, and walk naked under my robe, thru the gym back to the spa.  NOT GOOD. secondly, my robe belt was wrinkled and tangled. like someone couldnt take 5 minutes to straighten it out!!!next, the waiting room for massages was CO-ED! wtf!!!! i felt so uncomfortable in my robe, sitting next to some dude who was also naked. No reputable spa would ever do this. then, the tea area was messy, there was no hot water for tea, and the fresh cut fruit had no plates or fork to serve oneself. people were picking at it with their fingers. thanks i am thoroughly grossed out!then the massage was OK at best. i told the lady to push harder, and she said "we will see how your body reacts".  dumb girl, dont you realize i get massages all the time, and when men give me a massage, they will push the knots in my back so hard until they loosen up.  massage was weak and ok at best. then, the in the shower room, there was  A SIGN THAT SAID, VIDEO SURVEILANCE IN THIS SHOWER AREA! WTFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF.   THAT IS SO UNACCEPTABLE!  SO UNACCEPTABLE, a place where people shower and go into jacuzzi is NOT a place where one can set up surveliance videos. anywhoo, to top this off, NONE OF THE 5 HAIR DRYERS IN THE LOCKER ROOM WORKED! WHAT THE WHO IS MISMANAGING THIS PLACEi will never ever ever go back here again!
This place is NOT a 4 star hotel as they try to state they are.  We paid $300 a night expecting to have a nice experience at what is supposed to be a guest only water park. The park was just like any other public water park. There was absolutely no place to sit and the chairs if you could find one were cheap with cheap towels.  We never even made it to our room as we checked out as soon as we experienced the pool.  BTW we found out that they constantly run special pricing cutting room rates to about 100 a night.  This is why the water park is packed and for those of us that expect to receive  4star $300 a night hotel service will be out of luck at this hotel. Might be worth it if you get one of their cheap deals.
i'm pretty sure robin williams was staying in our room right before we arrived bc our room was covered in pubic hair.there was a dirty, pubic hair filled towel hanging up in our bathroomour sheets had pubes everywherethe walls were filthy with black stains (see pic) the life guards are so intense. i felt like i was getting yelled at the whole time and i wasn't even doing anything. they just feel like shouting about the rules constantly. total kill-joys.the breakfast buffet was actually surprisingly goodand the customer service was wonderful, the staff is super friendly. special shout out to their pillows. amazing pillows. i won't be back though.ps...i originally gave this review 2 stars until the hilarious Heather C. pointed out the below. she is so right! and i can't stop laughing. "Didn't you read the Yelp guidelines  Pubes = 1 star no matter how great everything else is!!!!  You've just told the world, "yeah, the pubes were okay, but I've had better." hahahahaha
I am actually writing this review from my room at the hotel now.Very disapointed in this place.  My wife and I have been here for a week and even with the deal I got on our room I feel like I've overpaid.  In fact the only good thing about this place so far is that it was cheap.- Rooms are old and dirty.  I was told that some of the rooms have been renovated and are nice but not the room that we were given thats for sure.  Stains all over the carpets, bird droppings all over the balcony and balcony furniture.  Pretty gross.  Not to mention both the TVs were small, old and unwatchable which was actually a problem seeing how none of the pools were worth going to but more on those later.- Maid service was horrible and non-existant.  We have been for 5 days and have maid service only three times.  On the second time we happened to come back to our room while the maid was still there, she locked herself in our room and had both TVs on a spanish soap opera and was visibly annoyed that we wanted in to our room.  She didn't even "clean" the room and simply changed out the towels and made the bed.  Bags for ice (the ice bucket was too dirty to use without one) were never replenished, garbage on top of the mini-bar was never removed and room service trays were not being picked up.  Our breakfast trays sit outside in the hot Arizona sun until the next morning when our new breakfast is delivered.  The plus side of this is that we had an entertaining bird fight outside our room last night.- Pools.  So they charge a 30$day resort fee.  The theory here is that the 30day gives us full access to the water park, pools, gym etc. which is a great idea although the water park is closed during the week, the gym is ok but the other pools... DISGUSTING.  More bird droppings everywhere and garbage in the water.  There is a pool that advertises a swim up bar.. sure there is something that looks like a bar.. but no alcohol or even an attendant to serve you.  Some of the pools have a phone you can use to order from a limited menu but they can't even get basic orders right.- Room Service.  Very limited menu and as with most places overpriced.  This plus they seem to not understand basic instructions like "do not toast my sandwhich please".  My wife -- after THREE times asking for it to be made right finally gave up and just ate it as it was.This place does have potential but apparently they are understaffed and those that do work here do not seem to care and it really needs updating and cleaning.Would not stay here again.
I booked a suite for a conference. They tried to put me in a small room, which was 13 the area of the suite i paid for. And told me that it was MORE EXPENSIVE than the king suite. They insulted my intelligence and their service level.
Came here for business trip. The event was complete pain and all escalations were fumbled by an incompetent staff. We came for an interview event, and here are a few of the mishaps:1. One of the rooms we paid (a lot) for was normally a storage closet2. All the doors locked behind automatically. This was never fixed and caused multiple lockouts3. Staff walking in to rooms many times during the day unannounced which was very distracting4. Catering took our water and coffee before end of event. When we went to get water they charge us $5 a bottleNo one project managed this, and it was the downfall of our event and experience. Will not be coming back.Side notes:1. Water park was small and unimpressive, but nice as a bonus maybe2. You will be nickle and dime TO DEATH (ON EVVVVERYTHING)
Terrible!   Super expensive for a rundown hotel.  Poor service with staff making terrible decisions.   Water park is so crowded we went to another pool.  Not enough chairs anywhere to accommodate guests.   Everybody I talked to shared my feelings on this resort.  We are checking out early and heading to another resort....buyer beware!   Find another resort!
Ummm...  This is NOT a 4 Star resort as many sites suggest.  2 or 2.5 perhaps  Never - NEVER a 4.  Our room was dirty.  The tub didn't drain.  We found bugs.  The fridge didn't get cold.  The floor was filthycarpet stained.  No patio furniture - as all the hotel photos suggest.  Did we have a private balcony  Yes, no chairs though....  Old fashion - non-HD TV's.  Very dated and in need of TLC.  It is weird, because the website said it was newly remodeled  Maybe 10 years ago.  I wouldn't go back, and would not recommend it.  The water park was nice though, but the onsite restaurants blew.  Terrible food, terrible service.
if we'd checked out one day early i would have rated this place about 3.5 stars.  unfortunately on our last night the fire alarm was pulled at 1:45am and remained on at earsplitting volume for more than 10 minutes, long after the front desk had already assured me it was a false alarm.  then the next morning we found that someone had thrown a glass mug through the back window of our car, completely shattering it.  the police came and security broke out the remainder of the window and vacuumed our car but that was it.  we drove home without a back window.there are only three reasons to stay here:1. you have kids with you and the water park will be open (check hours)2. you have a conference to attend here3. you like golf and want to play the coursei wouldn't recommend a couple stay here for a romantic weekend or anything.  i'm sure there are nicer and cheaper hotels for that.the location is pretty good, lots of good restaurants and shopping nearby.  there is a fry's electronics across the street.the hotel itself is large and spread out.  from the sedona building it is pretty far trek to the lobby.the inside of the rooms have been fairly recently remodeled, at least in the sedona building (still has tube tvs though), but all four of the couch cushions had stains on the undersides, as did the blanket for the person sleeping on the couch. the outside of the buildings are old and tired.  the water park is pretty great overall but it has surprisingly limited hours, particularly for the slides and the lazy river.there is a $40day resort fee.if you decide to stay here, bring your ear plugs and your car insurance and don't park in front of the sedona building.
I would give this place negative stars if I could. We planned a trip for a softball tournament to Arizona and found this room online. We called and booked a suite big  enough for 6 people. The guy who booked the room said it didn't matter how many people we had in the room it only mattered for breakfast and since we were not having breakfast two ppl was all we needed to list. I provided him with my card number to reserve and he said they would not charge anything until midnight the night we were staying if we did not show. This was a month and a half ago. Our trip was this weekend and after driving 6 hours we show up to the Hotel only for the manager Tammy to tell me she is sorry but they tried to run the card on file and it was invalid so they gave the room away! I told her it was impossible and she tried to act like she was embarrassing me by saying my card declined, which when I confirmed the last 4 was not even my bank card I had provided. What it came down to is every place in the area was booked for several events and she up sold our room leaving us stranded without a place to sleep! It took two hours to find a room but we went through Marriott which was a much better hotel. This could have been considered one incident but we had other people that were staying at Arizona golf resort as well and Tammy gave away the double they reserved trying to put 3 adults in one king bed! We have attempted to contact corporate through email and on Facebook. They deleted our Facebook post. Do not ever book here if you get into town late and they are over sold you might be stuck without a place to stay. I was very disappointed and if the manager Tammy is any indication of how the hotel runs its a nightmare. She had the worst customer service skills I have ever seen!
Let's see where do we begin. We were in Phx for a wedding there were about. 20 of us w several rooms. We arrived checked in  12:30 am after arriving from The airport. We went to our casita I'm a lovely little quiet alcove(this is the 1 star) our electronic key didn't work. After several try's we call for maintenance . He arrived and was also unable to open the door. He went got another key which also didn't work . He let us in then w his key & went to get another!  1am came back still didn't work . Then we discovered the toilet didn't flush ! Let th know I the morning & they said they had to snake it 3 times! All friends at the other end also had plumbing problems - toilet, no hot water. One arrived in his room w 2 TVs in boxes that they had to connect! Others phones weren't connected all!  But the crux was- get this ... RATS IN THE RAFTERS OF THE BRIDAL SUITE! the bride and groom had to leave early!!!!!   DONT STAY HERE! It's a has been! Most people golfing were on their 80s!
This place is very lacking, to say the least. Our large party for a baseball tournament arrived to find our rooms had no phones, clock radios, missing remotes, tv's not working, no coffee, etc. The process just to turn the tv on was amazing! The furniture was dirty and at least 30 years old. Parking is an issue, especially if you have a large vehicle or truck. Spaces are extremely small and hard to get in and out of. The front desk service was not very good. Ladies were rude and not helpful. The grounds staff were nice though. Overall, for the price, this place is a huge disappointment. I would not stay here again.
Worst hotel I have ever stayed at.  Can't even really call it a hotel as its more like a MOTEL.  We parked our car and the first thing we saw was a dumpster that looked like it hadn't been dumped in a month.  Beer boxes, cans, and bottles all over the place.  I stayed there last weekend during March Madness, but our TV didn't work for the first 2 days.  We finally had TV by day 3, but of course lost Air Conditioning.  They said they could fix it by 10 am on our last day.  We were leaving at 5am so no help.  I demanded we get a different room.  We finally got place in a new room with both TV AND AC on the third day around 5pm.  Leaving the next day at 5 am.........yay! lol  When I spoke to the front desk about a discount she said management is authorizing one night for free.  So I am paying for a full 3 days, even though I only had a day and a half of everything they offer.  Its ridiculous.  When I went to give my credit card so she can split the pay between me and another person, i expressed my disappointment.  The lady said sorry sir, i can offer you unlimited drink coupons for the bar.  Are you kidding me  I leave for airport at 5am and you think me getting drunk is gonna solve everything.  This place sucks!  Now I am back in Washington, and the person I was splitting the room with informed me that they charged her the full amount.  ZERO communication at this place, from check in ladies to management (who I never saw).  I swear the average IQ of the workers there was that of a 5 yr old.  Worst experience ever and I really hope my review helps people avoid this terrible place.
At glance was looking clean and nice i said when we check in because it was After getting something to eat i sat on the bed and bugs jumped on me . Small black fleas . Alive . I put a few in a cup , then began to look at the bed, pull all covers off, bugs, chips snd wood things under all the covers. My husband call front desk, -a person came looked all he ssid was "not good, housekeeping arent doing their jobs"He told us he was off in 5 mins,but he would get someone on it .Hour later still in the room, no one came to help, my husband again called, yes this was last night writting it this morning , i was to upset last night .After calling them, they said they would send a person to help , now two hours still nothing , .my husband walked to front desk, demanded a new room , got it. They gave him a use of a golf cart , to get our things to one room to the next , it died , we moved ourselves to new room 4 hours later , no help, no sorry, The new room was clean, no bugs, ..So when checking in here make sure and check carefully
We had a family emergency in phoenix. I have always used Holiday Inn for my travel lodging since I travel for business so much. I am one of their preferred platinum members and over the course of the past year I have accumulated a lot of reward points. I figured that I would use my reward for one night free while staying in phoenix this time to off set some additional expenses we might have. I arrived late that night to check in, I am told that the only suite left is on the second floor so I take this. I was told that my room was around the back ( second bldg closest the the  free way. I pull around into the parking which was packed, parked rather far from the door and began my search for my room ( no maps avail or offered) I look at the building and it is shaped like the letter U. Hmmm. Second bldg closest the the free way would mean in the middle. After searching for a bit I concluded that I was given the wrong directions. It was in fact the last bldg (next to the hwy ) and the room was on the interior wall of that bldg. Ok so now I am a bit annoyed. I go back out for the rest of my luggage and receive a phone call while getting my things out of the car. The phone call was from a family member reporting on the emergency we were having. While I am on the phone two security people decide it wise to approach my vehicle and insist that I roll down the window and tell them if I am a hotel guest and if so which room am I in. ( I guess the lugage in the back wasn't a clue enough nor the fact that I was upset with a phone to my ear. After concluding the call I take the rest of my luggage in. I might add that the entrence to my room involved an exterior entrance gate ( with broken handle) going down an external hall, waiting for the smallest elevator on earth to come down and finally arriving at my room. The interior of the room was "OLD" but clean. The doors were in ill repair and in need of replacement. The interior is not up to date which the standard Holiday Inn's that I have stayed at the past year. The only exception to this the bed which Is very comfortable. Drapes, furniture and room decor need updating to new Holiday Inn specs.The second day of our stay we returned to be locked out of our room. On check in I had used a reward for one night and paid for the second. OOPS someone forgot to tell me that I would have to "re check in" This was really handy with my husband arriving the next day waiting in front of the external gate, hands full of luggage trying to get in. We had to repack the car with his luggage and return to check in. WHen I asked " why wasn't I told this" the young man that checked me in the night before proceeded to argue that he had. I advised him this was not the case or I would have done this before I had left that morning. He still insisted he was right and I was wrong. Annoyed i proceeded to Re Check in. The lady which heard the entire conversation then proceeded to ask me again for ID and credit card even though the young man said he checked me in the night before, even though he told her that he knew who I was and what room I was in, even though I had two room keys and confirmed the room that they belonged to and even though my credit card was on file. Second morning, my husband gets up wondering where the paper is. As premier members we are supposed to receive a paper in the AM. He goes to the front desk to inquire. AT 7 AM in the morning on a Sunday he was told that they didn't have any and that he could run down to circle K to get one. THE WORST HOLIDAY INN EXPERIENCE EVER. THANK YOU FOR MAKING OUR FAMILY EMERGENCY THAT MUCH MORE STRESSFUL.
We discovered after returning home that we left an item in the room. WE know exactly where it was when we left. After three phone calls to the hotel to see if it was turned in, we have given up. They claim there was nothing found. I rather expected this after our stay and after reading other reviews about others leaving items behind and them not being recovered. I resigned to replacing the item. Holiday inn did send me a survey which I filled out answering questions that reflect the same experience I shared here on Yelp. In my original review i forgot to mention that the wifi did not work either, just as others have stated in other reviews.
Don't stay here! The rooms are old, the door was falling off the hinges, light fixtures chipped, the bathroom calling leaked right over the toilet, there are cigarette butts all over the ground, the majority of the staff could careless you are a paying guest. The wifi occasionally worked. It was a very uncomfortable experience.
We spent 3 nights during our Labor Day weekend at this hotel. We were attracted to this hotel because if its large in-room jacuzzi tub.As we were checking in, the lobby of this hotel is small (more like a "room" rather). Staff were chatting among themselves when we arrived around 1pm. It did not seem very professional to me. As I was in the lobby, I learned that this is actually a timeshare of the Shell vacation club. No wonder the the rooms are big with kitchenette (no stove, just sink, fridge, and microwave), dining table, and a large sectional sofa.I was given a room close to the parking lot, on the secondupper floor. The room decor was decent. Not brand new, but "okay". As I mentioned before, the whole reason we booked this hotel is because of its in-room jacuzzi tub. So as I was enjoying the tub at like 5pm, someone kept calling and calling the hotel room. We didn't answer as we were in the tub, and we did not expect any call to the room. Then someone even BANG on our door. My husband answered the door, who claimed to be 2 security personnel. They said downstairs ceiling was leaking water and wanted to inspect our room to see if "everything is okay', and if "anyone is injured". They inspected the room, the patio, and wanted to inspect the bathroom as well. However, I was in the tub and my husband asked if they can you come back in 2 hours (around 7:30pm) for the inspection. They agreed.  Then later in the evening, th towel bar fell down. So we called the front desk about the shower bar (and asked to have someone to come fix it), and we also asked if the security guards were still coming, since it was already 8pm or so. The person who answered the phone said "we were just waiting upon your permission for us to get in." We were like, "ok, you can come in now", but I thought we had a prior arrangement for them to "arrive in 2 hours" Why the person was so rude and made it like we did not allow them to come in Then soon after, a guy came in to fix the towel bar, who said that someone already figured out that the downstairs leakage is due to the plumbing issue, and not related to us.  So they did not need to come in to inspect the tub.  We were relieved and continue our vacation.Then the second night of our stay, we were enjoying the hot tub at around 11pm. Again, someone kept calling our phone in the room, and we answered. The lady, Josie, in the phone said, "you have to move NOW" and did not give us any other option. So after we packed up everything, we called Josie again to clarify the situation. She said people staying downstairs said WE were told not to use the tub. HUH nobody ever told us not to use the tub They even came to inspect and found out problems were not in our room Then Josie said the "downstairs people refused to move", but so are we, at 11:30pm they EVICT a hotel guest at 11:30pm at night given we did not anything wrong We did not flood the place, we did not bang holes on the wall... and she said, the ceiling of the downstairs is falling off, and if we do not move, and BASED IN ARIZONA LAW, if we notify the hotel guests that there maybe danger in the room and the hotel guests do not comply, they will not be responsible for any accident or damage. After the threats, she offered that we could continue to stay in the room, but someone would have to come up to inspect the tub the next day and we could not use the tub. I really do not understand - when there is a plumbing issue with the drain, why someone keeps need to inspect the room Most important is, we gave them the chance to inspect the room the night before - but they CHOSE not to come to inspect it.Since we already packed up everything, we decided to move to the room in the next building anyway at 11:30pm.When comparing the 2 rooms, I found out there are quite some decor difference in the bathroom tiles and decor, and even the microwave is different for the 2 rooms... sofa was a bit older, but still ok.So the last day of our vacation, we were able to use the tub without disturbance. The hotel manager kept wanting to talk to us, but I do not think there is anything he could do that could make us feel better. He charged us 1 night less for the room - but that's not what I was looking for anyway.This is such a horrible experience that I would NEVER ever recommend anyone to stay at this hotel. If the hotel is has such a serious plumbing issue, then they shouldn't make hot tubs inside the room (if their drain cannot handle it).I felt being prejudice against - either by age or by race (we are Asian).Stay at a real hotel, don't stay in this type of timeshare with poor staff training and poor service.
Our holiday luncheon was held here yesterday.  By far the worst I have ever attended.  Waited for water, which was finally plopped down dripping by the very angry waitress; the Diet Pepsi was EXPIRED (June 2011).  Appetizers passable.  The food was AWFUL!  Beef jerky instead of Roast Beef Au Jus.  The chicken must have been boiled - flavorless and bland.  The vegetables were undercooked and hard.  Salt & pepper mercifully arrived approximately 23 of the way through the meal.  Seconds were had by NOBODY!!  The waitstaff had two people who looked very nice.  The guy in the shorts - really  And why were they all so grouchy  We should have gone to Taco Bell.   Oh - the dessert was okay.
This review is of the Orange Tree GOLF course and management.  This is NOT a review of the resorthotel.Sad to say but very true -- expect a 5 to 5 12 hour round. Calling for a ranger to come out and help move play along brings a tsunami storm of rude treatment from the ranger and the pro shop. It is not a golfercustomer friendly experience. It's supposed to be fun  We payed $69per player for slow pay (quit after 9 holes -- at times there were 3 foursomes sitting at a tee waiting) and very poor treatment.  Best advice - avoid this place. Too many great courses in the area with quality customer service to waste $$ and time here.Visited October 2013
What a total mess of a resort. Tried to have a weekend there and it was a disaster!!!!!  These are the upsetting things about the room and resort:1. No hot water in separate shower2. Both bathroom sinks and kitchen sink would not drain3. Hair dryer broken4. Remotes for tv's didn't work. 5. Toilet flush handle pulled out of tank and could not use toilet. Kept running.6. Vacuum was in wall, so when housekeeping was cleaning next door, it sounded as if it was in our room. VERY LOUD AND DISTURBING!7. Resort didn't offer to move us to a room without these issues.8. Place is very run down. Needs work.9. No room service. Barely a restaurant. 10. No activities at resort.PLEASE DON'T STAY THIS RESORT.It is a total hole.
Guess I'm the odd woman out in this string of reviews! My husband and I stayed here on Memorial Day evening to get away for our anniversary, and we both detested almost every aspect of our experience. Thanks a lot, Priceline! We had bid $75 for a "Resort" in the Phoenix area, and at that bid, we probably deserved what we got, but we're still a little bitter :). When we pulled up the driveway to check in, it seemed promising. There were lots of trees and flowers, and everything looked really clean. The bad part started when we went in to check in. The clerk informed us that they were only "40% full" and therefore had our pick of room locations - any floor, any view, etc. We told him we wanted a first-floor pool view. Easy enough. Then he asked if we "preferred" two queens or a king. Well, since we weren't planning on having any additional overnight guests, we let him know we preferred a king. Well, despite the 40% occupation rate that he had advertised just seconds earlier, he told us that this "upgrade" would carry a $20 fee. We declined and were really annoyed - rather than make a hospitable gesture and offer us a king, which clearly wasn't in high demand - they insisted on charging us. Just a lost opportunity to please the customer! As someone else already mentioned, the resort fee of $16 also seemed useless - it included overnight parking (on a roof-top, unshaded lot), free internet (IF you happened to bring our laptop, which most pleasure travelers wouldn't), 2 bike rentals (we just wanted to go to the pool!), and a "coffee bar" (some carafes of coffee on a table in a dark corridor). Blech. We went to our room, at least hoping it would be nice. Well, it wasn't. To start with, it was incredible dark, but rather than offering curtains, the first-floor room had dark wood plantation shutters - opening them barely let any light in. One of the floor lamps was also broken. The dark wood trim, accessories, and enormous amoire gave off more of a Spanish monastery vibe than a posh Scottsdale resort. The bathroom was also nothing to write home about - the shower was really small and the curtain looked dingy. To top it all off, we turned on the TV and every channel had a fuzzy picture. So, you ask, were there any positives Ok, ok, sitting out by the pool was great (although I attribute that more to the gorgeous Phoenix weather) than the pool (the surface was peeling in a bunch of places, and the walls around the pool were literally covered in moss, which looked to be due to neglect and not a stylistic choice) but the $3.50 well margaritas we had at the pool bar (happy hour 3:30-6:30) were surprisingly good, as were the crab taquitos we ordered as a snack. If you love outdated and overgrown, you'll love this resort. Otherwise, avoid it.
I wrote separate reviews for the two eateries here, Sangria and Palm Court, so I will attempt to cover my 4 night mid-week experience this March.  My friend booked online and is was a business expense, so I am not sure of the room charge per night, but the internet rate is coming up at $205 per night.- 1 Star - Resort fee.  Okay, so tell me again what the $19 per day covers  Use of the gym Internet Well, these are usually free most places that I travel that have them.  As for the other resort "stuff" - I won't have time to use it, so I would rather have not been charged. Just roll it into the room fee for heaven's sake!+ 1 Star - Complimentary Valet Parking.  But then again, our room was far from the main area so we never made us of the valet and self parked the whole time, down near our room.- 1 Star - The Room size.  We were in Casita 68.  An upper casita room, corner.  We had a view of the golf course.  The room had a king bed, desk with chair, two side tables, minibarchest thing (above it was TV).  The room felt cramped and in fact if you are sitting at the desk, your roomie will have to crawl over the bed to get to the micro-balcony.- 1 Star - Balcony.  Some rooms might have bigger patios (ground floor) but the balcony off our casita room barely fit two chairs and a little center table.  However sitting in the chairs you would have a view of... The balcony wall. Not well planned.- 1 Star - Bathroom.  Okay, so there is a dressingchanging area outside the main bathroom.  And it has a little sink.  But the bathroom itself is barely powder room size.  Into that is crammed another sink (!!), toilet, standard bathshower. - 1 Star - Lighting.  The room was dark, all in all.  For a corner room to only have natural light from the balcony glass doors was grim.  Although there are three table lamps and 1 overhead by the closet, the room is dim, like granny's house.- 1 Star - Toiletries.  I hate those cheap ass "Gilchrist and Soames" soapsetc.  And what is with no shower gel  Two tiny soaps, one lotion, one shampoo, one conditioner.  Lame.- 1 Star - Noise.  First few nights no problem.  Then last night the other guests arrived I suppose. Not exagerrating to say that I could not only hear the two guys next door talking but I could hear WORD FOR WORD what they were saying.  It was a bit disconcerting.  I thought that maybe they had their balcony door open, but then they OPENED it and it was like... OMG, they *are* in my room!  Oh, and the people downstairs - could hear them through the floor (but more muffled).  But could hear the doors slamming from all floorsnear and far as though they were in the room with me!  horrible.+ 1 Star - Maid service.  Very nice non-English speaking lady who gave me more towels etc with a smile.  Very quick and efficient at the room.- 1 Star - Overall quality of the resort.  This is just not a 4 star resort.  It's more like it *was* but they got lost on the way.  Little things like the 21% service charge AUTOMATICALLY added onto the already outrageous breakfast ($17 for a buffet - and not even any custom order options - all out of steam trays How is that worth $17).  Like the worn carpet in the breakfast room (duct tape used to repair it here and there).  Like the saggy quality of the mattress - I wonder how old that bed isWould not stay here again, even if someone else paying for it.  Felt like a rip off even on the company expense account.  What these guys need is to either invest wildly to bring themselves to a higher standard of overall quality (new rugs, better toiletries, enhance roooms, etc) or just make further cuts and be a lower price 3 star resort.
This review will be updated after my stay tonight (08212011).  I'm giving 2* for now because of the hidden resort fee.  I got a room on priceline and was happy with the rate I won....until I read other yelp reviews about the HIDDEN RESORT FEE.  Priceline and all partner hotels, that resort fee is a scam.  Properties shouldn't charge extra for the use of their amenities.  I've won hotel stays at nice hotel chains like Marriott and they don't have a resort fee.  They allow paying guests to use their pool, fitness center, etc., without paying another fee!!SCAM.  Shame on you.
This facility is over rated and not reliable. I asked on a few occasions for requests and the service would brush me off. Granted I'm not in the industry where I wear a white collard shirt everyday, but I deserve to be listen to and taken seriously. It is like a large rock rolling down a hill and no one cares to warn the village. It's damned due to it's size!
I always give 1-star to Hotels that accept anonymous Priceline bids and then charge extra "resort fees" when you show up.That's fine if you want to hide fees from window shoppers to make your sticker price look lower than it really is.  Let them dig through your fine print and decide to stay elsewhere if they so choose.But to accept anonymous bids from services such as Priceline where customers have zero visibility into your extra fees until their credit card has already been charged is unethical ( and you know it ).  I suspect that the law hasn't caught up to this new modern flavor of bait and switch that you folks in the Hotel business are experimenting with.  Enjoy ripping people off while the party lasts.
Not very impressed for a Resort. The room was okay, bed was very worn and lumpy, not worth the upgrade. The pool was nothing special, and very slow service if you even got any. I was very disappointed in the spa as I could hear other guests talking during my whole service, toilet flushing, just unpleasant atmosphere. Plus the spa is very small. I will not be returning, that's for sure. Front desk employee didn't care much about my complaints.
This was the first time we have stayed here but have eaten at the restaurants several times. I have always had good experiences at the restaurants. My experience at the hotel was not good. We swam at the pool and had some drinks for a good 3 hours until one of the staff came around and told everyone that they had to keep their drinks at least 4 feet from the water. Mind you, I had just been drinking in the pool for the last 3 hours. I have lived in AZ for 12 years and stayed at almost every resort in the Phoenix area and have never heard this before.  I would have been ok but my wife went to the bar to get another drink and decided to ask about this new Arizona law. She said that all of the staff seemed annoyed and they actually told her they were keeping on eye on what we were drinking. What! I won't be coming back.
Grounds are pretty, dated property. Therefore the greeting staff -- valet, bell men, front desk -- needs to be top notch: which they are not. No smiles, no warmth, impatient and unknowledgable when asked asked a basic question the street name parallel to the runningwalking path.Get nice, people! There are many other resort options in the beautiful Valley of the Sun.
If you decide to rent from hertz , go to the stand alone location on Scottsdale rd north of Mckellips. Avoid getting a car from this hotel location at all costs!!! I reserved a car and was supposed to pick it up at this hotel at 9 am... The hertz rep didn't get there until 11am... I kindly asked if I could get an upgrade or something for the 2 hr wait, and the rep tells me ( as he had the keys to the car on the desk already) that he would knock 30 off the price but could upgrade me for another 30 which would be a wash total price wise but I'd be getting a car with a sunroof, gps, yada yada... He pretends like he's fishing for other keys in his little pouch and then sneakingly grabbed the keys from the original car that were already on the desk and says "here you go"... I get to the lot and all I see is a little Toyota Carolla with a tiny sun roof and a gps from 2003! Mind you I originally rented an Altima or similar, and he gave me a compact!!! Since I was driving my family to San Diego, I decided to call the Mckellips location, told them what happened which they found shocking, and let me switch out the Carolla for a Fully loaded Maxima. They made up for the inconvenience... But I would never trust these hotel locations ESPECIALLY the Scottsdale Resort location. That guy there should be fired without question. Very shady.
Rudest staff imaginable, stayed here with a wedding party and were told they would keep barrestaurant open till 2:00am since we were reserving over 10 rooms. We showed up and the bartender, I forget her name, but she had brown hair was the rudest person I have ever met! Asked her to make a whisky sour, she tells me she does not know what that is and she won't make it for me. Ridiculous! The manager came in around 11:00 and said everyone wanted to go home so they were closing early. We would not of stayed here if we were not assured of the restaurant being open till 2:00am. I will never ever stay here again, pathetic service and the staff should be ashamed!
I had my son's birthday party at the waterpark in the hotel.  They advertise this service, and even offer coupons from time to time.  I was not very happy with the whole process from start to finish.  There are too many ridiculous rules.  For one thing, I think it's good business to honor coupons that are presented, whether or not they are expired--the purpose is to attract business, right  Then we need to bring in our own cake, which is fine, but you can't say we NEED to bring one type of food item, and then BAN other food items.  I brought some chips and crackers to the party room.  Then I was told (after I already set everything up) that we couldn't have snacks in the party room.  Or drinks.  Would YOU like to attend a party with no snacks or drinks  So then I got to trudge back and forth to the room, moving food and carrying by wet, wailing toddler.  Fun.  Also the times available were not what I would have chosen--sunday evening is not the best time.  But since it was so late, I thought it would be nice to have beer for the adults.  SURPRISE that wasn't allowed either!  The bar was closed so we couldn't even purchase beer if we wanted to (unless we wanted to get dressed, walk to the lobby, again carrying wet children).There were facility problems too.  The party room smelled horrible, like rotten sweatsocks and underwear.  Who wants to eat in a room that smells like ass  I don't know if it was the chairs or the filthy carpet or what.  Also, some of the kids wanted to swim around 7 PM, and most of the lights were off in the pool area.  This is very unsafe--I could barely see my toddler.Although the woman serving was very nice, it's clear the whole purpose of these rules are to try to force you to buy more things and spend more money.  I will NOT be having another party here!  If I'm renting a room for a few hours to have a party, I expect to be able to eat and drink whatever I want.
I got to shower in a pool of water, the "energy efficient" HVAC unit created a sauna like experience every morning around 5am making my 6am alarm useless, and when I would return to my room at the end of a long day, I would be short on towels and pillows would be on the floor with the beds semi-made.  While the front desk staff were nice, they didn't address any of these issues when I shared it with them.The new attached restaurant is worth trying though as they have fairly good items on the menu.
Ew! Ew! Gross! I know that's not the most mature thing to say, but that's what comes to mind when I think about this place! Sad thing is, I've been here a couple times. Every time I kept thinking it would somehow get better, but no, it doesn't! The Miso soup they serve has this weird after taste, and to be honest, doesn't taste like any Miso soup I've EVER had! So on to the sushi, oh yeah, it's gross too! I think I kept going back because the size of the rolls are humongous. The thing is the fish does NOT taste fresh at all! It's always luke warm and....just.not.good. Oh well, I tried. But I'd suggest you not!
Absolutely the worst sushi my husband and I have ever had.  It was Gross!!! I don't know why they use so much rice or why the fish wasn't cold.  You couldn't pay me to go back to this place!
If you're in the mood for fresh, tasty sushi, this is not the place for you. The food that was delivered to us was simply inedible. Point blank. My husband and I ordered a bunch of sushi for dinner with the plan of having tasty leftovers for lunch the next day, so we splurged a little, spent like $60 on various rolls. The presentation was pretty pathetic - wilting nori, leading us to believe these rolls were pre-made; hot pink ginger, meaning it's the MSG-soaked kind; glue-like rice, where you can't see the individual grains - but what really horrible was the smell. When we took the lid off the tray, the stench of rotten fish knocked both if us back. I honestly gagged.It was so awful, we just stared at each other, amazed that we just spent our money on a pile of stinking rot. Determined to not waste everything, I picked up a piece of spider roll to sniffinspecttry. IT HAD A HUGE HAIR IN IT, all wound around the crab. Totally disgusting. My husband attempted to try the inari - just tofu and rice, right It tasted like rotten fish, as it had absorbed all the smells from the other fish rolls. We had also ordered a vegetable and tofu soup, and a green salad with ginger dressing. Can't even believe this, but the salad leaves were brown and slimy on the ends! They actually screwed up a green salad. The soup tasted like the inside of an aluminum pot, all metallic and burnt-flavored. Horrible, horrible, horrible. We literally dumped everything down the garbage disposal. Total waste.We tried to call and complain, but by the time our order was delivered, the place was closed. We will be calling again today to get our money back. Maybe they will earn themselves another star if they do the right thing and refund our money.
Don't bother with the sushi, can't speak to the Korean BBQ.Long story short: I ordered delivery. Never had sushi delivered before, so maybe this is just the way it goes, but it took almost two hours to get to me. There was condensation inside the sushi container from the rolls sitting on top of the other entree I'd ordered (which was hot) and being held against it in a small bag. Assuming that the rolls were made long before I got them, I just threw out the tuna roll, which was warmer than room temp anyway. Vegetable roll was good, but not exceptional. Fried rice was...just not what I expected, not exceptional either. In short, I paid almost $40 for a cucumber roll and two bites of rice. Maybe this is better when you dine in. Still, would not recommend. Pricey and doesn't live up to it at all.
Being Korean and my kids and I visit all the Korean restaurants when we are out of town.  Since my daughter goes to PITT we wanted to treat our daughter to Korean food.  My family including my wife who is non- Korean always order    and if this is how they want to represent Korean food to others they are doing disservice to our heritage.   was the worst I have ever had.  Their  had lettuce as one of mixing choices and their meat was hamburger meat  Will not go back.
I am sorry to say that this place still STINKS.  I work in the strip and often get temped by Sushi Kim.  I stopped in for lunch today and I was the only person in the whole place.  That should have tipped me off.  The last time i was there i had a bad meal, but i wanted to give them another shot.  I ordered the spicy chicken off of the lunch menu.  I believe is was L1......Numbered menu items.....Another tip.   My food was terrible.  The miso soup was horrid and old, the sides were awful and everything seemed to be microwaved.  AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS!!!
Tried this place based on reviews in local paper and friends. This place was awful. We asked questions of the server and ordered based on them. Neither was good.y friend said she cannot eat real spicy food and asked them to tone it down. Her meal was so hot she couldn't eat it.  Mine was just disappointing. The only thing I found good was the plain rice. I also thought it was extremely over priced. Will not return.
The boss trying to sell me something they want to sell, which sucks. And the food is very low quality in all the Korean restaurant. I have had. Donot come here in Uiuc!!!
I was craving tofu soup one night so I checked this place out based on all the positive reviews.  The tofu was soft and flavorful.  Several other tables ordered their BBQ meats, which also lookedsmelled good.  The side dishes were OK but not as many options as other Korean restaurants I have been to.  They have the basics - kimchee, cucumber, radish, sprouts.  Overall, the food was better than I expected for a place in Phoenix.Now to the bad: the service was absolutely atrocious, if you can call that service at all.  It is a sign of bad service when every table in the restaurant is looking around for someone to help them.  We waited 15 minutes for someone to acknowledge us and take our order.  Another 40 minutes for the food.  The side dishes come with the entrees so don't count on them when you are starving.  The tofu came without rice, which took another 10 minutes.  All this time, you have to flag the waiters multiple times if you want a refill of water or anything else.  Even when they make eye contact, they ignore you.  People actually left their tables to go to the service area and help themselves!  There were no apologies from the waiters for the wait.  They did not even smile.  The very worst part of the meal was paying.  Naturally, we were not able to get our checks at the table, so we lined up at the cashiers table behind another group.  (Keep in mind there is no cashier so we had to wait for a waiter to decide we were worth his time of day.)  When it came our turn to pay, the waiter blew right past us without help us!  Luckily, another waiter finally saw us and got us our check.  I wish we could have given him all the tip.This may be the only Korean place in Phoenix, but I will hold out for when I go to LA.  Even if they have unfriendly service, at least they are efficient.
Okay, we gave this place three chances, and each time the service got worse.each time took over an hour for our order (and they weren't busy any of the times). The last time we were there, after ordering the seafood pancake, 25 minutes later they tell us that the health inspector is there and they can't make it for us because they shut down a part of their kitchen. You want good Korean food Don't go here.
Took 5 minutes to get a menu.  Another 5 to get our drinks.  We ordered what we always order at our favorite Korean place which is the Bulgogi, and mushroom tofu soup.  I figured these are very popular dishes, and easy measuring sticks to compare different places.They give complimentary salad which includes iceberg lettuce... and teriyaki sauce.  No thanks.  Bulgogi:  Really wasn't good at all.  It was too thick, the onions were 100% raw and there was no flavor beyond intense onion and poorly bbq'd beef.  It should be THIN, and TENDER, and FLAVORFUL.  Failed in all aspectsTofu Soup:  Server asked how spicy we wanted it, and we said normal.  Apparently that means zero spicy or just adding 3 jalapeno slices into the soup.  That's authentic right  They also use a very runny type of tofu, not the more firm stuff I have and like at my other spot.  It really had the texture of egg whites.  In fact, it had the exact texture of the egg white that was also in the soup.  So it was just watery flavorless broth, with textureless tofu and textureless egg bc it wasn't hot enough to properly cook the egg.  Factor in the tough mushrooms that were obviously re-hydrated and you have a very poor dish.  They stiffed us bowls or plates, unless they expected us to reuse the salad bowls so we had to wait around for a while to ask for something to eat on.  They also brought the dishes out at different times which is bad form.  The best and worst parts were actually the sides.  What the hell are those shrimp, and why are they on my table  They were dis-gus-ting.  Kimchi didn't taste fresh, bean things weren't that good, bean sprouts were too mature to be good and the cucumber thing probably sat around too long and got soggy like cucumbers like to do.  The daikon kimchi was the only solid side.    My go to place is Cho Dang in Chandler for my Korean BBQ.  It blows this place away on all levels.  Their meat is of much higher quality, they actually include stone rice with their soup, serve amazing sides, and the atmosphere is a lot less cafeteria like.   To top it off it is about $5 less for the same exact order, but with larger portions of sides, rice, and meals.Really isn't a whole lot of good to say about this place.  I'd give it 1.5 stars, not quite bad enough to get a 1, but certainly not good enough to simply earn a "meh" rating.  I actually started this review by giving them 2 stars but as I started writing I realized there really wasn't anything positive I took away from the experience.  Couldn't even get an iced tea refill for the last 10+ minutes we were there.  Guess I'll still have to drive 15 minutes down to Chandler rather than 5 minutes to Mesa for Hodori.
I love Korean food, so I was excited to try Hodori.  The first time I went, I thought the prices were a little high, but not unreasonable.  The "kimchi pancake" was tasty, but my bibimbap was quite bland.  As for the wait staff, they were not very friendly, but brought everything out on time. Overall, I was content with the experience, but certainly wasn't impressed. However, my second experience at Hodori was awful.  We literally waited at our table for an hour to have our order taken--they told us the kitchen was too backed up to receive any new orders. (Meanwhile the two tables around us ordered and received their dinner.) We decided to leave, but they assured us we could order and that we would get our food in twenty minutes.  In reality, it took another hour and ten minutes to get our food.  I tried a kimchi soup this time--it was alright, but not worth the wait or price.  I NEVER stiff wait staff, having worked in food service myself. But I planned to make an exception this time, as waiting to be served for over two hours after being seated is ridiculous. However, they added a mandatory 18% gratuity to our bill.  Even thought this meant a few dollars per person, we all felt so cheated for being forced to pay for such poor service. They did apologize at the end for the wait and brought out complimentary ice cream. But at that point, we were just ready to get out of there. I would NOT recommend this restaurant and will certainly not be returning there in the future.UPDATE: It's one thing to have bad service, but I spent the next day throwing up. On my birthday. I mean, really And no, it wasn't because I'm not used to the food--I've had actual Korean food in Seoul without any problems at all.
I completely forgot to update and mention that I spent the next day throwing up. On my birthday. Again, what a terrible experience!
I've been coming to this place since I've moved to AZ about 10 years ago.  I ate here so often that at one point I was a "Mayor" on FourSquare and "Duchess" on Yelp!  They've changed ownership twice since 10 years ago, and the new one took over about 4-5 years ago I believe.  Their food's ok, but the best thing on the menu is their kimchi jjigae.  That's the reason why I came here all those times and I don't even touch their banchan, because it's so subpar compared to LA, SF, or NYC that it's laughable.  Their Soon Tofu is average and the Kalbi is average as well.  But you take what you can get here in AZ when you have a craving for Korean food.  Well, if you're serving mediocre food, at least you expect them to provide really good in service right  NO!!  I have always been unhappy with their service since day one, but I just dealt with it.  Well, I've just had it today and sort of lost it!  The waiter (in his 20s, about 5'11" tall) who speaks fluent Korean and Enliglish, just pushed me over the edge!  WTF  Are you kidding me  I could not believe the service I was getting from this guy!  OK so here's what happened.I ordered 1 Soon Tofu Jjigae with only beef,  2 lunch special Kimchi jjigae, 1 Lunch special kalbi, 1 lunch special kalbitang. (5 total items)  He brought the banchan (side dishes) and rice and asked me if I wanted eggs in "all of our soon tofu jjigae."  I said I only ordered one soon tofu.  Then he said I ordered 2 kimchi soon tofu, 1 beef soon tofu, 1 kalbi, and 1 kalbitang!  I said "no I didn't" and I repeated what I ordered.  Then he argued with me and said "Yes you did! You ordered 3 soon tofu, plus kimchi jjigae, kalbi, and kalbitang!"  I said "are you kidding me right now  Look here!  We're only 4 people!  Why would I order so many soups for"  The guy must be a moron, because he can't even count how many people there are to be ordering 7 items  Do we look like we could eat that much  We were two slim adults, and two kids under 15!!  Then he let out a big sigh and then stomped off to fix the order at the kitchen.  He comes back with our food and he literally bangs the soup bowl onto the table!  He is obviously emanating a negative attitude, bangs down the rest of the stuff and stomped off.  I just shook my head and we started to eat.  Half way through the lunch we needed more rice and napkin so I called him over since he was bringing stuff to the next table.  He obviously heard me and didn't bother turning around.  OK, so I'm thinking to myself, maybe he didn't hear me.  I call him again second time and he pretended he didn't hear me.  Then the third time, I called him loud enough for the whole restaurant to hear me and then he turns around, rolls his eyes, makes a face and then comes over.  I couldn't believe my eyes!!  I asked him "are you giving me an attitude right now"  then he yells (yes he yelled at a customer) at me and says "did I even look at you right now"  Then he passes by our table, goes to the next table and "politely" asks  "may I take your order"  WTF  I asked him to help me get something and he completely ignores me  Ok so let's recap here.  He takes the order wrong, puts in 2 too many orders of Soon Tofu, then gets mad at me when I correct him that isn't so, then he practically throws the food at us banging every chance he gets, and then he ignores me when I call him!  OMG!  At this point, I'm FURIOUS!  I get up and go talk to the owner who happens to be there today.  I reiterate everything that just happened and he doesn't say anything but to just look towards the direction of the kitchen!  Then I say to him "is it ok for the server to do that to a customer" and he turns and apologized.  He said that it's his fault for not training the staff correctly.  OK, so I'll take that for an apology, but then he should go quietly talk to the server, have the server come over and apologize to me personally!  Nope, that never happened, and guess what happened next  The owner comes over to our table, being extra nice, and says he's going to take care of our lunch on the house.  At this point, I'm still shaking from rage and I can't even eat anymore.  I said I'm not making a scene, because I want free lunch.  I'm going to pay for what needs to be pay for, I don't want free lunch.  So while the owner's talking to me at our table, that server is standing near the kitchen talking to another server, looking directly at me, and laughing at me!  WOW!   Just amazing!  I've dined out at so many restaurants over the years in my life at all different levels, from Michelin starred to hole-in-the-wall scary places, but this was just the worst service ever!!Stay far away from this place!  I called my mother after what happened.  She was at a luncheon with 20 of her Korean friends for a church function.  You can bet that she spread the word.  None of those ladies are going there in the future.  And neither am I.  To the Owner:  word of mouth is a scary thing.
Too slow. We ordered at 6:50pm and waited for more than 40 mins. So bad. Mg friends and I would not come here again. Waiting is a terrible thing and annoys all of us.
My friend and I came here and when we walked in,the male waiter appeared pretty nice and told us to choose a table and sit down. He followed us to our table and handed us the menu, so we thought so far so good. Then 5,10 and 15 minutes went by and we were left alone,it appeared both the waiter and entire place forgot that we were there...they totally IGNORED us. I saw the male waiter that had helped us earlier glanced over our table a few times,but NO SERVICE what so ever. The service here was TERRIBLE, most of the employees were pretty RUDE and UNPROFESSIONAL towards us. The funny thing was that the table of 5 koreans that came in way after us had their orders taken down way before us. I will NEVER,EVER come back to this hate-ful and ill-mannered restaurant ever again. Not only was the service HORRIBLE,but the atmosphere and korean waiters were too RUDE and ill-mannered,they didn't deserve our business. So we went to the Hong Kong restaurant right near it,and the Chinese waitress there were 100x nicer and better educated than those korean waiters.
So I've been to this restaurant 3 times just to make sure it wasn't me that was being rude or a jerk. So to start off the food is just ok, nothing too spectacular but not bad, but the pricing is high for the things here, I can get it at any other Korean restaurant for way less.So here's is why I gave the place a one star.... The service it's not nonexistent it's pure rude like I borrowed money from them and didn't pay them back!! So every time I ask them about any dish on the menu they look at me like I was crazy, like I was from another planet or something for not knowing what I was asking about was. One time I was there for lunch at 2:30 or so with a buddy of mine and I asked them if I could order the happy hour dishes that starts at 3 and naturally they said no which was understandable so we order and started to eat til 2:57 when I asked again to get something from the happy hour menu the waitress looked at me with a look the a mom would give to her child when he did something bad and replied it's not 3 at that point I wanted to het up and leave  but my buddy said wait and at least finish lunch, ok I finished stood up and asked our waitress for a togo box from behinds the counter she the replied "for what"....I was so done with this place told me buddy to pay and stormed out So for all you awesome people that read the my whole rant thank you and those who didn't.....well I STRONGLY would not recommend this place to eat maybe to get pissed off at but other then that yeah that's my two cent.
Has this place closed  Went looking for it yesterday and I did not find it.  Anyone know
Not a big fan... They nickel and dime you. I ordered the lettuce wraps and they do not serve enough lettuce with the order.  I asked for one additional piece of iceberg lettuce and they charged me $1.00!!!! I could have walked to Albertson's next door and bought an entire head of lettuce for 59 cents!!!
Absolutely NO reason to go back. Food is bland and the portions are small especially compared to the prices, and the place itself wasn't even that tidy. As another reviewer stated, they nickel and dime you for everything. No free refills on soft drinks.... REALLY!! From the reviews, it looks like this place might have been good at one time but not any more. There's so many other decent Chinese restaurants to visit that this place must surely be on it's last leg. My advice is..... AVOID!!!!
This place was recommended to me so I decided to try it out. BIG mistake. I tried their Jampong soup and it was the WORST Jampong and worst soup I have ever had. The noodles weren't fresh...infact they tasted like they had been frozen for 5yrs too long. Extremely mushy and not edible. The soup was bland and was not proper Jampong soup. I think they mixed a couple sauces together with water and called it Jampong. The seafood and beef were dismal and the shrimp that was in the soup wasn't cleaned properly. Please do us all a favor and take this so called Jampong soup off your menu.
No flavor. None. I think they're trying for the no oil and very healthy thing, but it shouldn't lack so much flavor. I has to douse my Dan Dan noodles in sriracha. The whole environment of the restaurant was very old and dirty.I don't plan on coming back to Arizona, but I def wouldn't recommend this place.
Yea ok I came in with high expectations other than burnt rice and hot pot of curry. Mmmm and Kim Chee....So it made me poo....Yea I got sick. After 1 bottle of immodium. A roll of tums, and 2 things of pepto. I stopped impersonating a straw for five days. Ask my boss...It was rough...Sick and dehydrated.....There were some good things on the menu. But seriously the kim chee really did look old. It was like they got the water from Korea. I'll stick Korean Barbeques from now on.
As a vegetarian, I have to tell you that I was pretty excited to see a place called "Tofu Hut" -- open 24 hours a day, even!When I finally made my way over there with a fellow vegetarian (the only person who could possibly be as excited as I was about a restaurant called "Tofu Hut"), I have to say we VERY disappointed.As far as I could tell, there were only two tofu dishes on the entire menu.  And they both had meat in them, too.  This was apparently more of a Korean BBQ place than a vegetarian haven.Not only was its name misleading, I found the inside to be very unclean... When I ate there the first time, I didn't touch my food.  Needless to say, I wouldn't eat there again.  Ever.
Yes, one would think that a place called Tofu Hut would know something about tofu, but they don't.  They have, listed under their specialties, "Stir Fried Kimchi with Tofu", and the waiter acted like he'd never seen this on the menu before.  The end result was that I got kimchi stir fried with spicy sauce, and some scallions (which was actually tasty, but not very exciting) surrounded by uncooked, un-marinated tofu slabs.  Not the right way to prepare tofu.  There wasn't even any extra sauce in the stir fry to put on the tofu.  I can't speak for their meat dishes, but my dinner companion didn't seem impressed.
surly attitude, inept service of decent food, but all is spoiled by the incompetence of staff. our second order of hot saki came out as something totally different from initial serving, turned out to be sweet saki which would gag a maggot. no checking back during meal, which would have been nice, since rice was forgotten! final straw was when bill was obviously wrong, as individual items did not add to total. excuse was that a service charge had been added - without notice of any kind, of course. an ultimate rip-off joint! avoid like the plague as there are so many other venues in the area which appreciate their customers and are gracious.
Service is meh-- the server was zoned out, grumpy, and unprofessional.The kimchi and radish side dish are MEH.I liked their side dish of jap chae (clear noodles marinated in soy sauce and oil) tho.I ordered dumpling soft tofu soup (medium spice).It was okay, not the best I had.The rice is cooked in a stone bowl, scooped out in a stainless steel bowl and served. water is poured into the stone bowl (some remains of the flaked rice is left) and is served.It appeared BROWN... like diarrheathe rice was okay but not spectacular.As for the stone bowl,DON'T even taste the contents. It left a bad burnt taste on my tongue.Gross.Totally ruined my meal.
Because many known yelpers liked Mr. Tofu, we try to go there tonight. Sadly, it wad closed. We decided to try out Tofu Hut since we have never had their food before.  Seeing that it has 3.5 stars, I thought it should be ok. The furniture was old and raggety looking, especially the torn up cushion on the chairs, but nevertheless, I should try the food.The menu needed some wiping done since it was covered with sauce.  Ewww.Anyways, we decided on the beef seafood sundubu and a plate of kalbi.  When the older lady waitress came back to take our order, she was so impatient and short.  We wanted to understand their spicy level so we asked if the spicy level is Korean spicy, she said it's not that spicy.  So we continue to ask her at what level she would order it and she said she don't know since she doesn't eat spicy.  WTF!!  Her ill-mannerism and major bad attitude continued and I wanted to leave right there and then but my friend wanted to try out the food at least.  Ahhhhh!!!When we paid the bill, she walked by and hurriedly grab the receipt.  I was pissed that my friend tipped her because truthfully, she did not deserve a penny for the crappy service she gave.Food was sub-par, nothing special.  I will never ever come back to this crappy place with this crappy ajumma waitress.
Eating at Tofu Hut is the most unpleasant experience I had. The server who happens to be the manager is so rude and arrogant. Asking for a fork and a dinner plate to be able to eat well was so difficult . She has no manners to run a business like this. Would never recommend a place which is not so inviting like the people who serve. They are not the only "eat all you can korean barbecue" in town. There are so many in Spring Mountain a lot better. Remember their place was already shut down for cleanliness. Stay away from it if you want a happy meal.
Food was bland and overpriced. My tofu pork soup cost $9 and had a total of 6 tiny strips of pork suspended in a cesspool of tofu slop. The bathroom was disgusting and had no paper towels. Awesome to realize this having already gone in and washed my hands only to have to open the door with my bare hands THUS DEFEATING THE POINT OF WASHING MY HANDS IN THE FIRST PLACE. The water was served in those crappy plastics cups you're accustomed to seeing in china town restaurants. Like my silverish-gray car, it's difficult to determine if these cups are dirty or not, which is ideal for restaurants that have no measure of upkeep  (and ones that have several kinds of STDs on their toilet seats). I never eat at Chinatown restaurants voluntarily and I'm always disappointed when I do.My star in this one-star review goes out to our server, who did an exceptionally good job given the mediocrity that surrounded him.
Horrible. We ate at Tofu Hut on January 14, 2012. I have been to a lot of Korean BBQ restaurants, and I typicaly love the food and experience. but I have never had this poor of an experience. Side dishes were mediocre at best, out of date at worse, meat was rubbery, could hardly get it down. Service was THE WORSE I have EVER experienced at any restaurant, anywhere. Waitress showed up at the beginning and end of the meal to drop of the bill. Kids drop their utensil Get up and ask for another. Need a napkin or chop-sticks Get up and ask for it. Want something to drink besides water Too bad, they didn't even offer- even after asking! Lots of other Korean BBQ in Las Vegas- go to any other- I have been to many- they are all better.
Korean bbq is so good and I was excited to try this place with all the good reviews. The restaurant is pretty small and grills are at each table. The staff wasn't very excited to help my friends and I. It was a quiet night and they could have been a little more excited to have people. They never came to refill our drinks, refill our meat, or our sides. All you can eat- yeah right! :(The staff also sat up by the very loud TV the whole time and ignored pretty much any one who didn't need to be seated. They also took 20 min to give us the check. They asked the table next to us to "hurry up, people need their table," which was pretty rude! The bathrooms were a disaster which makes me wonder what the kitchenfridge looks like..I have the feeling had I been Korean the service would have been a bit better...Even my Korean friends agree the service is bad! Major disappointment!! *Try some place clean where people actually want your business!
Oh my.... this is not the same shilla I knew few years back.  Horrible service and NO taste.  This is NOT the same Shilla of the glory days.  I think they are trying...but need to try harder if they want to stay in business.  Over priced on most of the menu and the few that we had, 'Mixed Seafood Jungol' and other dishes were forgettable.
Be aware that if you do not speak the language, you will absolutely be taken care of last.  Such a darn shame because the food was good, when my friend wa$ not getting burned from the grill that was ridiculously close to the seating.Quite okay though, because as another excuse rolled in, I realized that even at the opening prices,  no doubt would I prefer going over to Tofu Hut. At least there, they will not treat you worse than the table next to you.  They will treat all of you the same.  Bad service Yeah, it was that obvious.  I told the nice owner that I would put a review.  One server that served our area and a single chef for a weekend night Hmmmm.....never, ever coming back to this place.
I heard that the owner of the restaurant was changed, so I went there to check out. Parking lot was packed. There was very narrow space to park. Overall, one star is just enough. BBQ section smelled so bad (not enough ventilation) and so hot! I was sweating a lot and I still can smell BBQ from my clothes and from my hair.Food was not good too. They lie to customers who don't know what Kobe beef is. They DO NOT have Kobe beef, just cheap junk to eat. Only four side dishes came, tasted so so. Fountain drink tasted metalic, and I saw no bubbles at all. It seemed like there were many servers, but no one checked our table while we were eating although they came back so fast when I asked for the check. I had to call the server a few times to get more salad. I would never recommend this restaurant. I will never go back. But if you want meat for cheap price, now it's the time to enjoy $15.99 dinner AYCE BBQ. After that it will jump up to $25.99.
Horrible!!! The servers don't have a clue. Sat there for 30 minutes and servers just walked by. Waived your hand, they nod and guess what still no one comes by. Unbelievable how this place functions.
It is my first time been here after they changed owner. Won't be here anymore,bad Service and waiting for long time to get the food,they lost the order list but keep telling me that the food is coming!
The food was pretty good, but the place was filthy and the wait staff was beyond confused.  We ordered Korean BBQ, but instead of the normal metal grate over the flame they offered us a thick glass dish to cook our meats.  This worked less than okay, resulting in longer than normal cook times and much greasier meat.  Furthermore, obtaining water refills was quite a challenge.Later in the evening when we attempted to use the restroom, it was in poor repair, as well as poor cleanliness.
We ate here on Thursday night recently at 9pm.  We were planning on going to Ichiza in the same complex, but we were craving Korean BBQ.  I had my suspicions about this place before I even walked through the door... The place was dead.  The place is very spacious, but there was just one other table and they were just wrapping up.  We should of left, but we really wanted bbq.  I'm not Korean, but I've had my fair share in Seattle.  We didn't get the All-You-Can-Eat, so maybe that's a better experience.  I doubt it though.  As others have said the food was bland or over seasoned.  We had japche, bulgogi, dolsot bibimbap, and soon du boo.  Everything tasted "off".  I'm sorry but this place was just awful.  I wish I checked reviews before we went!
FOOD POISONING.  But I'll get back to that later.  First, let me comment on something else.My brother had a big business dinner here with several of his business clients.  The bill came out to $600 and he left a 15% tip.  On his way out of the restaurant, however, the manager ran after my brother and demanded that he leave a 20% tip--IN FRONT OF HIS CLIENTS!  My brother was so mortified that he just signed the 20% and left, but this should have never, never happened.  Mind you, there was no written statement anywhere saying that a 20% tip was the minimum.  And it's not like he left no tip or a 5% tip--he left 15%!Anyway, the worst part of the story is that two of his business clients got FOOD POISONING that night after eating there.  END OF STORY.
Went back to Korean Garden Saturday night with some family in town from out of the country and was so disappointed.  My favorite salad was gone and replaced with what appeared to be bagged iceberg lettuce with tasteless dressing.  The meat was bland.  Plus the service was not up to par.  I doubt we will be going back here and we have been long time customers.
Had the Beef Bulgogi box and ordered sides of the kimchi.   WORSE BULGOGI I HAVE EVER EATEN.  Dry and no taste.  VERY VERY VERY Disappointed.  Will never eat here again
Sad to admit that I ate here.  The food had very little to no flavor. The service was lacking; they only came to our table 2-3 times. Drinks were never refilled and had to hunt them down in order to get our bill at the end. There are other Korean restaurants far superior both of taste and service - go to one of those instead!
The restaurant  was really over priced and it was very bad quality too. $30 for a small plate of fatty galbie (short ribs). Don't bother buying the seafood pancake. It was thick dough and no seafood. It costed $16!!! The soft tofu soup tasted like water no seasoning!! The only positive point was it was clean.  Come here if you want to get   ripped off and unsatisfied.
OMG!  Should have checked Yelp! before coming here.  This place USED to be one of the better Korean restaurants as I recalled but now I know why it's soooooo empty when we walked in on a Tuesday night! DOH!Kalbi:  this is the only dish that's decentPork Belly:  $20 for three slices of "bacon"!  Um... seriously, dude!Beef Soup:  Pass me the gallon of water please... it's SALTYYYYYYYYY!!!!!Spicy Squid:  Meh! 2 stars ... I think I get better value going to the food court at GreenlandSide dishes:  Seriously!  Kimchee, potato salad and pickled radish !  That's all you have!  Sad.... very sad...Service!  "Eric" was our server and he has a dry humor.  Don't blame him for not caring much since he probably doesn't get paid that much with hardly anyone in the restaurant.
HORRIBLE SERVICE. I went with my boyfriend and his family for his sister's birthday. Automatically when we walked in, the lady at the front gave us attitude when asking how many What happened to smiling and greeting your customers I automatically thought this was going to be a horrible lunch. When we saw the menu, I noticed almost everything was overpriced for the amount that they only give you. Don't be fooled of how the pictures look! Expect little.We asked the lady 5 times for SIX forks. After the second time we asked, she finally gave us THREE. Then we had to ask her another few times to finally give us the last three. Ridiculous. When we ordered our soups, there was no bowls, no serving spoon. What do you expect us to do Share from the same bowlWe then later asked our server to take a picture of us. She grunted and said "I'm so busy" [there was barely anyone there] but she ended up taking the pictures anyways ---- Then she dropped my boyfriend's phone and didn't even bother picking it up. DON'T GO HERE. We wish we saw the yelp reviews before we checked this place out. ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS.
Garbage...I would rate food 3 but service brought it down to one....Garbage...go to suri ayce...rate Suri 3 but service brings in to 4
Worst ever services! Food is ok. You are basically forgotten when sitting in. Avoid if you can!  Bad experience and angry feeling.
If I can give this place negative stars I would. Not so much for the food but the service. I used to go to this place with my Korean friends and family for naeng-myun and other Korean dishes. Today, there was this non-Korean, Hawaiian (I think) person working and was absolutely rude! I was short on time, had a 40 minutes lunch break and since Island- style was right across the stress, I was thinking 35 mins should be plenty of time to eat my food and leave. I was waiting over 20 mins for my food and I understand there were a few orders ahead of me and by looking at everyone else's food, it does take time to cook. After 15mins passed by I asked the guy if it would take long cause I only had 15 mins left to eat and go back. He did said he would check on it then left. Approx 10 more minutes passed by I gave him my credit card so it would be faster if I ate and left. He told me that it takes time to make my buckwheat noodles and that everything was made to order. Ughhh.... buddy I'm Korean and I know damn well that it only takes 30 secs once in boiling water to cook the noodles and put in the broth. Needless to say I took one bite of the cold noodle and it wasn't hand made, it was the store bought noodles you cook in boiling water. The broth was so salty, and the spicy buckwheat noodles tasted like pure hot pepper paste + vinegar and again salty. I took literally two bites and left. The guy who took my order grabbed the checkbook from me and told customers next to me 'shes telling me how to cook brah...'. I know you've been cooking for 19 years BUT if you knew anything about customer service you do not talk shit when I can clearly hear you, grab the checkbook out of my hand, and give me dirty looks. Everytime I came here its the owners that now operate the one at Greenland. They are soo nice and helpful... total opposite of this guy... oh yea btw your Nengmyun (cold buckwheat noodles in broth) and Bibim gook-so (spicy, cold buckwheat noodles) is tasteless... If this guy didn't offend me so much, I would come back for their Hawaiian plate lunch, it looked really good. Not so much for the Korean food, I wish the Korean owner or son would've been there :(
Horrible service...with no respect.  I ordered kalbi dish, the meat tasted over-date, the rice was not fresh.  There were flies flying around, nasty
The Hawaii guy , Russell that works for the owner, Gina deserves NEGATIVE stars only. He was RUDE, BAD ATTITUDE and hasNO COMMON COURTESY.  We called at 545pm to make sure he was open (since he closes early if  business is slow ; evenwhen hours are POSTED 10AM-9PM); he said they were openso told him we would be there at 7PM; he said "sure sure, howmany people "; told him 7adults on child. He said  OK. Whenwe arrived at 702P, the door was locked, CLOSED sign in thewindow. We could not believe he was closed since we hadcalled, We knocked on the door several times and even calledtwice but NO ANSWER. We peeked in the window and it wasdark ( LIGHTS OFF, NO BODY there). I thought Russell waskiddingbeing playful but after waiting ten minutes we left .It was quite embarrassing to our guests (they could not believethis was happening). Needless to say, we went to a "reliablerestaurant". A favorite that always has excellent food andprovides excellent service consistently ( they  know how to treat uscustomers and always welcome our business). The next day,  I called Russell and told him we were disappointed he was CLOSED when I had called beforegoing there. He was rude and abruptly barked at me "No can help...No Cook...I no can cook so I had to close";  "Cook had to leave because her baby sick (emergency)".old him, "We did not  know his cook had to leave; how werewe to know" Told him, "You should have waited to tell us."He said "couldn't, I had to drive her...she no drive". I said , "we don't know that...all we saw was the CLOSE sign...you couldshould have left us a note!". He did not feel bad or apologize. Instead he   RUDELY said " SISTA, YOU ONLYMAKING ME MAD".   I said "WHAT, I'm making you mad (I was angry and  insulted) ."   Said, "That is no way to runa business!!!"  He said,  what!!!. you wanted me to call Gina She no can come,  she get her own restaurant to run".  Told him,  "Fine, you' won't see us anymore" (and hung up).It's too bad he  does not think he was wrong  for hisBADPOOR  service. (He does not believe in CUSTOMERSAlways Right; and Customers can help to make a businessgrow.)  We havehad frequented  this place; brought and introducedseveral friends and relatives to Island Style; But, NO MORE!!We are telling them  we will  NO LONGER patronize this'hole in the wall' place and they will follow us.  He will loseour business and theirs. He should have been consideratehis customers (NO common sense). Definitely needs  toimprove on his ATTITUDE, BEHAVIOR and COMMONCOURTESY!  He does not know how to properly apologizeand accept constructive criticism.
Brutal!  Went here on the advice of someone working at a nearby business and was absolutely floored at how bad it was.  Ordered iced tea and it tasted like it was made from water filtered through nougat!  Yuck!  My friends meal looked very lackluster.  He said the meat was fine, but nothing special.  I had some long noodles with bulgogi.  I normally love this dish, but something was really off with this.  My friend finished, we paid the bill and left.  Ended up at Los Tacos next door and was thrilled I had discovered my new favorite taco stand.  Island Style came through with that at least.
went there because high rating, but price was not worth what we got... i wouldn't go there again! Food was ok but nothing special... place was crowded and had to wait for long time to be served.
This was mom's favorite place until today. We came as a family of 6 and since they expanded, they now add an automatic 18% gratuity. We ordered several dishes to-go and those were also included in the 18% gratuity. We asked the owner to take it out but to no avail. This is not an 18% gratuity place. Never going again.
I was craving meat jun, drove to the outdated address that was listed. The person who answered wasn't sympathetic at all. Paid $14 for 1 thin slice kalbi- almost see through, 1 piece BBQ chicken and 1 slice meat jun. I coulda got cheaper in Hawaii. I specifically asked for Koch-jun sauce which they did not give me in my to go plate, and no chopsticks- really!! If I could I would give this a negative 1 star for the entire experience. So shame an waste my time, gas, and money!
After I wrote this, my fiance got sick from the food. So, I looked up their health code violations, and they don't store their food at proper temps.Ew. :(
Terrible service! We were overcharged thanks to the waiters inability to split a bill - each couple on a separate tab - a normal thing to do in a restaurant - NOT HERE! They tally up the whole table and divide by the number of credit cards given and charge each one the same amount regardless of what each couple ordered. Do not make the mistake of going with friends and expecting the restaurant to be able to give separate tickets seems you have to sit across the room from each other and pretend not to know each other in order for that to be possible. Food was not what it used to be. Will remove this restaurant from our list of places to go.
It has been a long time since I have felt the need to "Yelp".  Eating here night before last has brought me back to Yelp....and not in a good way.The best thing about our meal was my Diet Coke.The wait staff had to be reminded several times of what we ordered.  The food was not to my liking at all.  Honestly and truly ...as I was eating I was reminded of the scene in National Lampoon's European Vacation when Clark and crew at the French restaurant near the Eiffel Tower.The food tasted like it had been frozen and warmed up.  I have honestly had better RTE meals from Patel Brothers grocery store.  You know the type...the ones that come in the box for like 3 bucks....Very disappointed.
Really rude and non Indian people.....I have never had such a bad experience with any restaurant let alone Indian.....god bless them. I would be interested in seeing how long they can stay in business with this attitude.
Was very disappointed with level of quality and service. Ordered to go and gave clear instructions to have two separate meals. Each with naan and rice and utensils for work. Arrived to find one bag. One rice and one naan. I pointed this out and they fixed it but they forgot the naan. Looked at $35!!!! Bill and saw they double charged for the naan too. The vindaloo chicken was not spicy enough and very oily. The employees spoke very little English and that was a huge barrier. They also seemed arrogant and rude. I am thinking that most of these reviews are fake or people do not know what good Indian is. This was the worst Indian I've had in Charlotte. At twice the price. I now know why this place is always empty.  I have also tried the lunch buffet and while the price was better. The spice was horrible. All bland, boring curries and an always empty naan bin. Had to ask to get naan.  This place is PERFECT if you have money to throw away and want mediocre Indian.
Very few items on lunch buffet. On menu was aloo tikki, salad, plain rice, butter chicken, naan, chicken tandoori, chicken curry, palak paneer (paneer was hard to find), kheer (was good), finni that's it. None of the items were cooked properly. Very very disappointed. Price: $10.25 plate
Won't be back. I will preface my review by saying that I am a stickler for adequate customer service. That said, I have patronized this business at least 5 times with consistent experiences. The food is decent Indian food at a convenient location. The customer service however has been lacking each and every time. The straw that broke the camel's back for me was my entrance to the establishment today. As I approached the door, there was a server standing there who clearly saw me coming in. Instead of opening the door or at the very least, remaining to greet me, he turned and walked away. Once I entered there was no warm welcome (which I should not have expected given previous visits) but instead, I was rushed through to determine if I would stay for the buffet or if I was there to pick up takeout. I won't belabor the point, I will just reiterate that this was my last time spending money in a restaurant that does not appreciate my business. Their customer service is seriously lacking and the food is good at best but certainly nothing special.
Restaurant is closed.
I went here once with a friend.We had the lunch buffet which was average. Until, I saw two cockroaches crawling around. Not, even your normal cockroaches but, gigantic cockroaches.I couldn't eat anymore but, for some odd reason my other friend did.
went here with my bf and his friend. came in at 7pm. took 10 minutes for someone to even realize we walked in the door..then took about 35 min to even get our food. they didn't seem very friendly. luckily, the food is pretty good [i've eaten indian food in europe before and it almost stood up to that.] i just didn't care for how slow they were.
Placed a take-out order of vegetable pakoras, shahi paneer, garlic naan, and papadum. Did not receive the pakoras at all, the naan was COLD (not even lukewarm), the papadum was burned, and the shahi paneer was crappy. As your lawyer, I advise you to become a patron of any other indian place in the valley but this one.
Based on the reviews went here for Lunch, they had Buffet with one Meat and 3-4 vegetarian dishes for around $10. Tried palak paneer but the paneer(cheese) itself  was missing the dish, it was like having chicken curry without chicken. Long story short the food lacked the taste that you find in good Indian cuisine...
They did not make a great first impression and I don't think I will be back.  I took some friends to try Indian food for the first time. The service was not good at all. We had to go to the kitchen to get service for our drink orders. My friends enjoyed the food although I have had better.  But the naan was good.
The appearance and cleanliness of this place is really nice, however there isn't hardly any variety what so ever for there buffet. There is one table of food and that's it and most of there food was cold and tasted exactly like those canned foods that you buy at the grocery store. Price is outrages for what they offer as I went to golden corral with my spouse, and spent the same amount, exact same and got a ton and I mean a ton of options, and best of all there food tastes great! Sadly I do not and would not recommend this place to anyone. If you are looking for a buffet try golden corral or the mandarin, but don't be lured in by the appearance of this Indian place as you will leave disappointed.
Cockroach on table (and a neighboring table). Lamb super mealy. Wine bottle "opened" in back and then brought to table with cork from another bottle. No apologies. Just arguments. You've been warned.
I used to eat here all the time. It's been a hot minute. Today having lunch at their once great lunch buffet was horrid. The rice was dry and crunchy. The food was of poor quality. The tomato chicken tasted like beef jerky . On top of all that the services was horrid. I had to actually get up from the table and walk over to the bar were there was 5 waiters standing around and talking to ask for a refill of soda. They acted like it was such a bother and barely said two words to us. Never going back again
This was the worst experience ever in a restaurant!First, the service was lackadaisical at best.  It was very slow to have our order taken, and it took almost 40 minutes from the time we ordered to get our food. The food itself was tasty enough, once it finally arrived.However, the worst part about this meal was the COCKROACH that we discovered on the wall over our table.  Immediately, my friend and I began to point at it and talk loudly. We tried to get the attention of waitstaff for several minutes.  Finally, the cockroach fell onto our table. That was it. We leapt out of the booth and exclaimed "COCKROACH!" Is this the worst part of the visit  NO.  Waitstaff then came over, pulled back the table, squashed the cockroach, and then gestured for us to resume our meal and said "Cockroach gone." At least the manager comped the meal.  But,  if there is one cockroach allowed to crawl around the dining room TABLES, I can only imagine what the kitchen might look like. I definitely can't imagine going back!
We order 2 plates chilly chicken, but it is so hard to find chicken in it.  They cooked it with 75% of onions,  capsicum and 25% of chicken.  They should change dish name, it should be "chilly capsicum" instead of "chilly chicken".  Worst dish!!! Don't ever order chilly chicken here.
Being an Indian i would definitely know what Indian food should taste like, and this one is no way near to the original, Young guy is the son of the actual owner (who is nice guy) is extremely ill-behaved,  gravy we ordered was full of water and tasted like crap. First learn to talk decently with your own country men, later comes serving good  food.
Worst Indian in the entire phoenix valley, the lunch buffet had only one chicken dish, one meat, one daal, one vegetable, are you kidding me and nothing was exceptional, it was just average. Not at all good and value for money, Compare the menu with Chutneys on baseline and Ray.I will never come back again.
Food was ok. Service was poor. Saw a roach near our table. Not my choice for a lunch companion!
This place is a run down dump. I felt like l was going to get a mersa infection just sitting at the table. The food is terrible, even for lndian food. The buffet is over priced. There are some great Indian places in Phoenix and this is not one. You can just tell that they do things as cheap as possible and don't care about quality. My guess is that the chef is mexican and not lndian! Move along.
Edit: New ownership noticed 2008. Tasty Indian cuisine with a British influence. Pub side has mostly British ales and are served in traditional, Imperial pint glasses.Food is average and in line with most Indian Cuisine in the Phoenix area. Chana Masala with garlic naan is an exceptional combination at this location. Appetizers are high quality as well. Pricesportions are on par for most restaurants.Service is about average as well - sometimes great, sometimes good, and sometimes poor.
i used to eat at this place every month back in 2005-2007, since then they have completely gone down hill. really slow service and the quality has faded, i feel badly i hope they can fix that soon.
2 for awesome service & the best naan ... The rest.. Hands down to a zero ... & I feel bad rating it so low... But I've had wonderful Indian food... Outside of the mother land...& this is just horrible... :-(
Pros: Ummm, let me get back to ya Cons: 1. Currently undergoing some kind of exterior construction 2. Food had spices in it, but nothing that made any dish "pop" 3. Bathroom is filthy 4. Service was unfriendly 5. Felt ill afterward Don't waste your time here, there are lots of awesome places to eat in Phoenix.
Rubbery, nearly raw, white outside, pink inside chicken in two different buffet dishes. I hope they looked at my plate to try to figure out why i simply got up and left, but in my opinion, if you are incompetent enough to put an entire serving tray of undercooked poultry out on a lukewarm steamtable, then anything I can try to explain about what was wrong, will likely fall on deaf ears anyway.
I think this place closed.
I'm really surprised at all the good reviews of this place. We have been trying to find a good Indian place in the area and chose here because of the good reviews. The bottom line is that all of the food was extremely bland. We got the vegetable samosa,  shrimp vindaloo, Bangan Bhartha, and garlic naan. The vegetable samosa's crust was very hard and didn't flake off like I'm used to, the filling was average (this was the best tasting thing we got). The shrimp vindaloo was in a very watery bland sauce that reminded me of italian tomato sauce. The Bangan Bhartha was just unbelievably bland. The atmosphere of the place was not bad and the service was pretty good. I didn't even want to keep eating after the first couple of bites.
I don't understand how people can like this place.  Maybe I'm spoiled from growing up with fresh Indian food daily but this is the worst Indian food I've eaten in the valley.  NOTHING was fresh.  Everything tastes like it came thawed out of the freezer.  The samosas were so old and stale the green peas were a strange brownish green color and the minced lamb was dry as sand.  The lamb dish we ordered was so over cooked it felt like beef jerky chewing it.  And to top it off the chutneys looked and tasted like they came out of a jar from the grocery store.  If you truly like this food do yourself a favor and try ANYTHING else and you'll realize how subpar it is.
Very disappointed about the Star of India restaurant, on Chandler Blvd!  A view years ago, the food was rather good, well spiced, like true Indian food.  - I had the fortune to have a friend (from Bangladesh) once, who cooked original Indian food for us.  Furthermore, I went for years to good, additionally upper scale, Indian restaurants in Europe and America.  Therefore I know, to distinguish between good and not good Indian meals.  -Yet, the last two or three times, when we went for lunch buffet (in 2014end 2013) to the Star of India restaurant, we were each time disappointed!  Therefore, we decided now, we will definitely not return anymore.  (But looking for a better restaurant in the Phoenix metro area.)  Paying $10 + tax for a unsatisfactory meal - while you want to go out to eat something special - is not worth it, as well as very,  very disappointing!!!Here how just recently, on a Saturday, the food for lunch was:   Although the restaurant was fuller than I'd ever seen it, the food was terrible to bland!  Additionally, I see many containers of eight main dishes on the buffet line almost every time not even touched, but full to the rim.  (While I saw in other restaurants with good Indian food, that they had to replenish each dish over and over again during lunch.  Because each lunch time the restaurant is so full that they need to work to keep up with the demand!)  Even the Chicken Masala at Star of India was almost tasteless, as well as runny.  The spinach dish was terrible!  It tasted like chemicals, appearing like a paste - and with almost no Indian cheese in it!  The rice desert was not worth mentioning, bland!  Therefore, of all eight(!!) main dishes, I only had one single one - the Vegetable Masala  with Indian cheese - that was good, tasty.  (... Many dishes tasted like they were watered down or something like this, so that the spices do not come through any longer!  ... The main dishes ran apart when being put on plate.)The service is nice, polite.  But the restaurant itself, including restrooms, are very dirty.  Also, the walls at the tables still spilled full with food spills.
Food was mediocre and service was abysmal.  I'm shocked this place has a high rating on Yelp.  There are dozens of better Indian options in this area.
Is it possible to have two horrible experiences in one weekend Damn. Fuck my life. It is.I have family in town, so naturally, everyone wants to go to the most ethnic place possible. We go to the Copper Kettle in Mesa. I'd been here before and my experience wasn't bad. I liked it. This time around though, I felt like I wanted to kill myself.We walked in, it was busy. Great. Good sign, that must mean that people like the place. I noticed there was a buffet in the back. All the food looked fucking miserable. Of course it did. It's a buffet. What self-respecting person would eat ethnic food at a buffetIn any case, we are seated. 15 minutes later, we get 3 menus. 5 people at the table. 9 minutes after that, we all get plastic coke classes of ice water (I shouldve been conservative on this 98 degree day, because this was the only water I got-- no refill). We ordered our food, and it was fucking useless. The chicken was undercooked. My mom ordered the beef chapli kabob, which came out to the table sizzling....seemingly great, only to make EVERYONE in the restaurant cough, and give us dirty looks.My poor aunt had specially requested no chilis in her dish, and of course, her dish had EXTRA chili. My aunt requested all of this in Hindi and Urdu....native languages to these people. What the shit is wrong hereAfter we got our food, no one came back to check up on us. On this hot spring day, we never got refills on our waters. I guess now I know what it's like to be welcomed to the desert. Thanks a lot Copper Kettle. Also, with the undercooked chicken, my family and I are probably going to get sick from salmonella. Kidding. But seriously.I am Indian and my Dad was born in Pakistan. I can judge this food and service. I can't come back here. This place is a joke. Getting a server was like what I imagine it's like to hail a cab in New York City. They see you. They know you ask for their help. They know you are a paying customer, but don't really care about you and go on with their day.Bottom line....No respectable Indian or Pakistani shouldwould eat here. Or Human for that matter.Never coming back.There has got to be a better place in town...
this should be  -5starsfood was terrible to put it midly. biryani was stale and dry. the rice must have been on the heater since morning tasted bad and rice as bone dry and hard.pakoda was a joke was not properly fried and tasted of batter.jamoon tasted of oil after first bite. chicken tikka was sweet. the only eatable dish was naan and ginger chicken. they charged 11.5 for buffer wasnt worth even 2 dollars. please look else where for good food.for good biryani try sabri nehri on devon in chicago
I was on a date with my daughter, dammit.  Here's how it works:  every other Wednesday each of us takes a daughter out to dinner.  That way we get to have dinner with each of our daughters once a month.  It's a great opportunity to check in -- hopefully they will open up at some point.  Anyway, this time my oldest picked Indian.  I was thrilled.  Usually they both pick Chinese and, much as I like it, it does get tiresome.Meanwhile, back at the review, we ordered the meat appetizer.  This had a couple kinds of chicken, a meat samosa and lamb kabob.  It was fine, not bad, not brilliant.  My daughter got chicken tikka masala, her favorite.  I tried a ginger kabob at the waiter's suggestion.  These, too, were fine.  No fine dining but not bad.  At this point I didn't realize that they nickel and dime you so I was still oblivious as to what this mediocre food was going to cost me.Then we went to the bathroom.  We were nearly done and my daughter asked me to accompany her.  That's where we saw it -- the cockroach.  It was easily an inch long before you got to the antenna.  To be fair it was dead.  But at some point it had been alive and had had plenty of time to grow oddly large.  Now I realize that I'm new to PHX and there are palmetto bugs here but I used to live in an old brownstone in the city and I know a cockroach when I see it.  It was right under the empty toilet paper dispenser.I told the waiter that the toilet paper dispenser was empty, hoping that he'd see the roach and know that I saw it.  I paid the bill and left, intent on warning yelpers everywhere.
I think this is the worst Indian food I've ever had. Went in there last Wednesday and we were the only people. I should have taken that as a cosmic sign from the universe and back out the door but alas, I decided to go against my woman's intuition and gave it a try. The food looked like they were cooked around Valentine's. The taste wasn't much better. It didn't even taste like Indian in any sense of the word. To add to that, the staff were strangely enamored with my party. It felt like they were literally hovering around our table, eyes wide and beetle-like. I was actually pretty scared now that I think about it. I just smiled and gulped down the meal as quickly as I could and we high-tailed it out of there.
Unfortunately, the trip to India gate restaurant in chandler was a waste of time. The only good thing was that we had a buy one get one free coupon. The staff stood at the bar and stared the entire meal. They even brought us items off of the buffet... and we didn't order the buffet. i expected my food to be freshly prepared... all of it. even the naan. Maybe we hit them on a bad night. None-the-less, we wont be back.
This restaurant is steadily declining. Been a long time customer (10 plus years). The service and the selection is dwindling. The meat is not fresh or it's over cooked. I  purchased a restaurant.com gift certificate, and they refused to honor it accordingly AND assessed an automatic 18% gratuity to the bill. (I did the buffet. PLEASE!) I won't be returning to this restaurant again. You shouldn't either.
i would love to give it zero stars if I could, (Yelp maybe a feature you can implement) anyway, bottom line I WISH i'd stopped by here and read the reviews before plunking down $26 on 2 lunches we could never get back!!food is disgusting, bland, tasteless, hopeless, worse than mediocre, and I could go on and on.there were total of 5 dishes, and rest of the lunch buffet was filled with lettuce, onions, chutneys, yogurt dips with no real veggies to actually dip in. the samosas were leaking of oil, pakoras were nasty didn't taste like pakora batter but stuffed with some dal of some sort to save money, the curries were GROSS ugh!!! and when u enter, u see all these awards plastered on the walls who is handing these outdon't go here...its full of retards serving nasty food that'll make u barf whether u're hung over or not.
This place was a little scary, and I must have really been craving indian food, since I ended up eating here..  To start things off there was no one there on a Friday night at 7pm.  Pink lights set the mood for an interesting meal, as I really couldn't see the food that I was eating.  The combo includes Naan, a drink, and an entree.  I had the chicken vindaloo,and the garlic Naan.  The Naan was decent, but the vindaloo left a lot to be desired.  I could have made a better vindaloo on my own.  There was one small potato and no pearl onions in the dish.  The service was non existent;  the decor was hilarious with the pink lights and the deer head hanging on the wall in the dinning room.  I think that the owner must have been on some really strong drugs when he was decorating this place.  I will definitely not be returning to this restaurant, and my quest for excellent indian food in Vegas will continue. .
"I don't no what happen..but..the food here was blah! Rice is not included with d main dish..not right. Rip off..don't bother"
I'm actually half indian, so I know a bit about indian food. I totally love indian buffets because there is always SOMETHING to eat. NOT HERE....besides everything being out and soggy and cold and DRY tandoori chicken that was ridiculous.The samosas were oily. There was nothing worth eating. How can you make a curry that tastes like NOTHING I mean, reallyAlso, they definitely overcharge for this buffet. Is it because this is Vegas Not sure I know why they would charge for so a meager buffet that isn't really good.Well, one time, that's it. I won't be going back...in fact, I was tempted to call my credit card company and stop payment.... :)Oh, it also did NOT help that there was an annoying man at a nearby table selling some Multi Level Marketing scam at these innocent people...he was so loud we heard every word of his conversation, I wonder if he called Clarence backThe waitergreeterwhatever knew this man was annoying the other diners, but was AFRAID to approach him and tell him to stop talking on his cell phone on SPEAKERPHONE... whatever. I don't write reviews to be mean. I write lots of good ones when I am happy. But when you give them the opportunity to fix things and they just do nothing, well, that's just not acceptable.
The attention to detail has for some reason been thrown out the window at the place! I've been a fan of the Egg and I chain for a long time but this location at W. Flamingo and Fort Apache has tarnished the name. The staff is rude and uptight, with a "why are you bothering me for extra napkins" attitudementality. Also, the order should be checked for accuracy BEFORE it is even brought to the table!!!I will NEVER be back to Egg Works AGAIN - IT IS TERRIBLE!!!
Just about every item on the menu is $10 bucks.  Since all the prices are about the same it makes it easy to pick what you like but by the time you add $2.90 for coffee you start to wonder if breakfast is worth that much.  Add the fact that your choice of potatoes is frozen tiny pieces which seasoning or a nearly exact replica of Mikey D's hash brown patties - yes frozen also.  After not being asked which on of these wonderful potato choices I preferred last visit , I decided it would be my last.
I am a regular here, and I am sorry to say that this place is slowly going down hill fast! The food is okay, but the service is awful. When you ask for toast well done and you get stale bread, the server should not serve it to you. I don't know what has changed, but I will no longer be a regular there.
My husband and I went here on a Friday morning for breakfast and it was packed. We thought this was a good sign, until we got our food. I had a waffle with bananas and scrambled eggs and bacon. I the waffle was like cardboard. I couldn't eat more than one bite. I ate most of my eggs, but I felt nauseous afterwards. I also ordered hot chocolate which was pretty good, but thats about it. My husband didn't like his food either - an omelet with sausage links.  The plate with the sausage was swimming in grease. He couldn't even look at it, never mind taste it. We won't be back bc of the quality of the food.
Worst service I've received in Vegas. The food was alright (had an eggs benedict, nothing special) but it was pretty cold and thus, soggy when it arrived. When I told my waitress , she gave me attitude about how she brought it right out. She never offered to replace it or at least heat it up and stopped coming by completely after I spoke up. She never brought out a refill for my drink, and then threw my bill at me at the end. When I asked someone else about paying, they told me to go up front. I told the hostess about my horrible service and they told me my server was a manager. Obviously couldn't complain, then, as I'd just get more attitude (if she'd bother to talk to me at all). If you're into soggy, cold eggs benedict, then be sure to avoid the surly curly haired "manager" with drawn on eyebrows. I sure won't be back.
Hadn't been here in a year, so thought we would give it another chance.  I ordered the California Crepe and partner ordered the Bandito Breakfast ( I think it was called that.)  When I think of a crepe, I think of a very thin, pancake like batter rolled with filling.  When my "crepe" came it was like a pancake omelet.  It was huge, and very thick "breading"!  I thought the waitress brought the wrong item, but no.  It tasted "heavy" and was greasy and "doughy"!  I could only eat half.  The Bandito breakfast, (or whatever). Looked like dog food.  It did not look appetizing!  It was cooked too long and "crispy"!  It was not fully eaten either!The only redeeming part of breakfast was the smattering of fresh fruit and banana muffin.  I ordered fruit instead of "The Works" potatoes, as I remembered the potatoes were dry and salty.  (They still looked that way!)Service was just okay!  We did not have silverware, we had to ask.  Waitress only came to table to bring the check.  No refills.  She wasn't very friendly, either!  Sourpus,  There are too many other good breakfast venues in the area, so will be hard pressed to return soon!
Awful service! Like are you fucking kidding me. Our service literally rushed us to leave our table right after our food was served. Not even 5mins pass by she forked us the our bill and asked us if we were  ready leaving already.  Like really. We haven't taken a couple of bites. Never again. Plus they over salted the eggs. They take fucking forever for refill in drinks.
Had the chili relleno omelet, recommended by the waitress. Very over cooked and thin, a couple of canned chili's in the middle, way too much cheese. I believe the cheese was thicker than the omelet. It was topped off with some canned or or jarred taco sauce and a dollop of sour cream. Only potatoes they had were frozen tater tots or potato "shredded" hash browns, which looked exactly like a McDonald's hash browns. I ordered rye toast which was some type of ryepumpernickel swirl that tasted like neither. I had wanted pancakes instead of the toast and potatoes but this was not a option. It would have cost me an extra $6.25. No thanks. The only saving grace was the coffee tasted good but was $2.75 for a small mug, with the thermal pot left on the table; pour your own.Total with tip was $16.06 with a 15% tip. To top it off, they have an improper ventilationhood system in the kitchen for I walked around the rest of the day smelling like I worked there. Sorry, cannot recommend on any level, except maybe coffee to go.
Sadly today this location FAILED. To be clear they comp'd the meal, yet this major mess up must be called out because it is inconsistent with the normal good job Egg Works has done every other time.After waiting 45 minutes for food and seeing others seated after us being served, one of two meals showed up. It was wrong, having cheese on it. With a tight timeline the person ate it.On the second me the waitress apologized that it was not started. To be clear the waitress, Rea, was awesome. She placed my special order correctly, yet the kitchen just FAILED to do their job. I said to cancel the meal because we had no time to wait.The manager Koko was great as well apologizing numerous times. The food showed up while she was there and it was wrong. The kitchen could not read the freaking slip!!!! The manager stated the main chef was just arriving at 10:00 am on a Sunday morning abd would handle it.It is obvious from the running around in the kitchen that this crew needs retraining or continous supervision. Better yet how about the main chef get in at a reasonable time for such a busy Sunday am crowd.I will give them another try in the future, but they must fix this crew.
Can we talk about how shitty my experience was just now! I had to wait 10 minutes before I finally got out of my seat to go ask someone for a server to take my order. She comped my coffee... Big deal... My breakfast came with coffee anyway... Now I'm still sitting here after I've been done for 15 min waiting for a Togo box.... Thank you Amy for the shittiest breakfast experience of my life. NEVER COMING BACK!
The food is poorly prepared.  The beer is good, the kitchen needs a makeover.  I've dined here twice in the past week, and have had extremely underwhelming fare each visit.  A sandwich:  dry bread drenched in mayonnaise with possibly the world's most overcooked bacon.  The soup:  thin, entirely without body or flavor, with a hint of cinnamon.  The duck:  every last bit of character was cooked out of this unfortunate creature----quite possibly the most overcooked piece of meat ever served at a dining table.
My finance and I were on Monroe and starving. I heard great things about this place. We walked up and no one was there. We decided to sit at the front window. Great little place we thought. Ordered our food. And waited, as people piled into the restaurant, everyone working was super attentive and kind. Directing people to the few tables that were left, they were efficient and quite lovely. After waiting for what seemed like forever, I had to use the restroom. This should have been my first sign. Not only did the bathroom stink to high heaven, but shit was falling off the walls. It was dirty and quite nasty. I felt like I would never escape or be the same after that bathroom. But you really can't judge a place on the bathroom. RightWe heard the chef bell ring multiple times and each time reared our heads like Pavlovian dogs. Finally, our food came. I ordered an avocado blt. I immediately tore into it, and it was fantastic! Nueske's bacon, perfect amount of everything. Just perfect. Until...yikes what is this...a hair! Eieeeiei!!! If there is one thing I cannot handle in my food it is hair. So I slowly pulled it out and showed my finance. He knows me, so he said please do not puke right here. I held it together and put it in my napkin. I knew I would not eat another bite. Then suddenly as he was devouring his food, he sees it, not just one but two hairs. He decided to keep eating, yes it was that good. He ate around them. He left the hairs to show the waitress. When he pulled them out they were so long and cooked entirely with the food, I had to excuse myself because I was gagging so hard. Previous to finding not one, but many hairs in our food on both dishes, we were discussing how this could be our new go-to place for yum. After that, well I cannot eat there again.  I would recommend the restaurant investing in some hairnets. Their food is good, but not hair worthy. The waitress was a sweetheart about it, and I appreciate that. I would recommend it only if you don't mind what you may find in your food.
The food is over priced and not that good.  The beer selection is very good but for me that is not a draw.
THE WORST SERVICE EVER!!! NOT like other C.A.S your better off  the one's Downtown where at least there they know how treat their customers.
One of the worst service in Montreal.....No smile, no help...on top of that they know almost nothing about beer. I ask for some tasting notes on a season, the answer was "oh it's a season", vey helpful....Don't go unless you know your beer and don't tip !
Worst run restaurant ever.  Seriously.  I know this is a tourist trap, but I'm from NYC and thought I could handle it.I came here because they have a pretty descent beer menu.  My boyfriend and I were seated right away by a polite hostess right outside.  We received menus and that's it.  That is where the service stopped.There were 3 waitresses running a total of maybe 12 tables outside and not a single person even brought us water, looked at us - nothing.We waited and waited.  I stared the hostess down and tried to get her attention from 4 feet away but she didn't care.  Only one waitress was manning a few tables well but apparently we weren't in her section.  I tried to get someone's attention, as did my boyfriend. A couple who looked like had been sitting there for 5 minutes longer than us finally received their beverage 20 minutes after we were there.  So after 25 minutes, we got up and left.  We couldn't take it anymore.  There were about 4 or 5 tables in the same position as us.  Didn't get to order, with menus on hand trying to hail down waitresses that were busying chatting it up and looking busy inside but actually doing nothing.  Believe me, I was watching.The food looked crappy and overpriced and the beers weren't worth the effort.  If I could go up to the bartenders that were clearly under worked, I would have.Steer clear or spend the end of days waiting to be served.
Tourist trap... and I'm a tourist in Montreal, so I didn't necessarily mind that... but I was not a fan of this placeFood: croissant was decent and fruit plate was fresh, but neither of those require much skill in the kitchen, my husband ordered crepes and received what seemed to be pancakes warmed in the microwave (now, there is nothing wrong with pancakes, but if you market yourself as a French restaurant and list "crepes" on your menu, one does not expect cold pancakes... there is definitely a difference btwn the two!)Ambiance: the terrace has a nice view of a beautiful pedestrian walkway in Vieux-Montreal, cozy seating, lots of sun and fresh air are niceService: seemed to rush us (brought us the bill as we were still finishing)Some of the other restaurants on this street have a similar view and better foodservice... try one of them
Look up in the sky....is it a french restaurant A German restaurant An English pub Or how about a Mexican restaurant Neither, this place was having an identity issue. It was however the worst restaurant I have ever encountered. Baaaaad service, warm drinks yummy! It was grimey and smelly. We were going to order food, but it looked awful at the next table.Hostess was hot.......but dumb as a stick. We ended up at MCdonalds.
I don't give out a whole lot of 1 stars...maybe I should just end it there! ;)Before I start I guess I should say that I should have known better to find a good lunch stop in the heart of tourist town.The service was terrible.  Pretty much the worst I have had.  The person seating us was great and we were off to a good start.  Then it took 20 minutes to have someone even come over to us.  The wait staff was buzzing around, avoiding eye contact completely.  We finally had someone come and ask if we'd like a drink.  Two of the people in my party asked  a couple questions about their extensive list of Quebec microbreweries.  They have a ton of selection on there but no description as to what the beer is like.  The waitress told us she doesn't know anything about beer and was making us feel uncomfortable for taking so much of her time asking a question.  So I ordered a few I thought they would like.  So a restaurant with dozens of specialty beers but she doesn't know anything about beer...10 minutes later our beer arrived, we went to order but she said she will come back to take our order.Now we are easily 45 minutes into our lunch and haven't even ordered food.  Again, it was obviously painful for her to come to our table and take our order, (table of 3 people by the way).  She said she will come back with more drinks at that point as well.  The food took an average amount of time to get to us and it was not our waitress and there were no drinks.  I would've like vinegar with my fries, but did not see our waitress through the whole meal.  Yes, our glasses were empty for the rest of the meal.  No water and no bread either...I mention bread because a funny thing we noticed, (with all the time on our hands), was that every table that the other waitress was serving had a basket of bread...none of the tables that ours was serving had bread.  That probably would have slowed the service down even more.I went inside to use the washroom, spotted our waitress and just asked for the bill.  As she brought it over I got the evil eye stare like I've done something wrong...an hour and a half to eat a sandwich and fries, (which cost $18 or so), no water, no 2nd beer...and I have somehow offended her.This is a bit of a rant, but hey...
AVOID AT ALL COSTS!Our experience was very similar to Sean D's posted earlier. The service was by far the worst we have experienced in Montreal.Same thing as Sean: wait staff avoiding eye contact lest they have to actually pay you any attention. After 45 minutes and not even a glass of water; and having asked two wait staff, and the barman (who told the manager) if we could be served we finally gave up. On the way out I asked to speak with the manager to let him know. I expected him to at the very least apologize but instead we were subjected to a barrage of vitriol. He pointed to other people and said they had been waiting 45 minutes or more too, and swung his arm in a gesture to indicate many more like them - like this was an excuse. I told him it is ok to wait but at least some acknowledgement and maybe a glass of water would be good. He made some excuse in an overly loud voice, like he had an audience, that he was running around. I suggested he hire more staff. More rudeness, so we gave up and left.It was a shame because we had guests over from the USA, and while it was a tourist trap, we were tired after a day at the Old Port and figured it would work.That sort of attitude should not be rewarded.Never again. If I could give zero stars I would.
The service was horrible. I went in to ask for a table for two and the waitress looked at me, continued talking to her friend, and only after I asked again did she acknowledge me. After I was seated it took them a while to take my order, and by then I already knew I wasn't going to visit again. The food itself was mediocre, (might have been tainted by the horrible service). I would recommend going to Jardin Nelson across the street for good food and awesome service.
Beer & food selection was great, lots of choices but possibly THE WORST SERVICE I have ever received. The waitress was extremely rude and unhelpful. She knocked down my purse from my seat, looked at it and walked away - no apologies. I asked her for water two different times and all she did was grunt at me and never brought me my water. We had to go to the bar to ask for the bill since she forgot about the customers on the terrace. We asked her for the bill - looked at us and no response, she went away for a couple minutes, came back eating chips from the kitchen. She gave us the wrong bill, asked for the correct one and she GRABBED it from my hand and stormed off - again NO APOLOGIES. We don't know what her problem was because we were completely polite the entire time despite her sh*tty attitude. Worst waitress ever. I tried to look for her after to let her know how sh*tty of a person she was but alas, she was probably off in the back ignoring more customers. I would re-name this place Le Sh*t Bock. The only reason why I'm giving them a star is because I made a complaint to their head office and someone actually got back to me to apologize.
Unfortunately ended up here again, but luckily it was only for a drink but even that was not without some aggravation. Really rude and slow service. Music was incredibly loud. And why is that all the employees just like to stand around the cash register doing nothing while customers are made to wait forever, and ever and ever for one drinkLe Sh*t Bock, you done did it again.
This place is awful.  Terrible.  Bad food and slow service.  Beer was good.  Just terrible bleak service
We made a special trek out here for Montreal's supposed best brew pup, only to be told: children not allowed. Maybe it's a cultural difference, since in my hometown (Philly) the slow, 5-6pm hours are when urban parents like me bring our well-managed kids with us to brewpubs to enjoy a pint and a meal with friends. It's pretty shocking to be told you aren't welcome in an establishment.
One star for the massive headache I got after I ate the food... MSG  Not sure.
this restaurant is not wheelchair accessible. I have no idea how the food is because there are 2 steps and no ramp.
Freaking out a little. Just got finished eating there. Hairs in the food and I saw a cockroach crawl across the kitchen floor. At least if I get sick tonight I will know why!
I really would love to give a better rating to a vegan restaurant. Unfortunately, I was disappointed with EVERYTHING. 1. I waited 40 min for a take out (with only 2 occupied tables at that time)2. A guy who ordered after me got a free piece of cake for the long wait. (it wasn't offered to me) 3. Terrible service 4. The decor is something you see in senior houses in Sun City5. Almost all items on the menu have soy protein.. TVP Is it really something healthy or it's some sort of cardboard pretending to be food6. They packed my to go order in such a way that the soup turned before I got to my car, soaking thru the paper bag, landing on my pants, and on the sidewalk...  I went inside to tell them that- NO apology, NO money back. I wonder why they are not closed yet.
Don't go by the name, This place has nothing to do with Samosa. You can find better Samosa in any indian restaurant.This place is run by an old couple. Old guy is very rude, and greedy. Food is not that great either. Saag Paneer was just boiled spinach with hard paneer on top of it. Malai Kofta was good, but seemed stale. Paneer butter masala was a shame. Naan is good though.Everything is over priced, and low in quantity. No lunch buffet, and they are closed on Sundays.We had to go to Taco Bell after spending $60 on lunch for 3 people here. i wouldn't mind paying more than $20person on lunch if the enviironment is good enough. I don't know how come they are surviving, probably tourists come here for the "Samosa factory" name and also its close to the strip. Locals would never go to this place again.And the ownerplace is not kid friendly at all. He was complaining all the time about the little food my kid dropped. We literally had to clean the floor and table when we left.All the other 5 star reviews seem made up, Look at the reviews at following links to get the real sense of this place:http:lasvegas.citysearch.comreview400110591953150http:lasvegas.citysearch.comreview400110591945476http:lasvegas.citysearch.comreview400110591650151http:lasvegas.citysearch.comreview400110592026010Worst Indian restaurant in Vegas!  09062007 Posted by sk10022000I agree with the previous reviewer. Easily the worst Indian restaurant in Las Vegas. It is not even authentic Indian food. They try to be cute and make it taste like fusion food, but fail with astonishing zeal. Quoting a Woody Allen one-liner, "Food is terrible, and portions are so small". They add gratuity whether you liked the service or not. Way overpriced. Even in more expensive metros like SFO or NYC, you do not have pay this much for a meal at an ordinary shopping strip Indian restaurant. It's no Gaylord India or Bombay Palace (Wilshire Bvld Beverly Hills), yet costs so much. What gives The owners (husband and wife team) serve customers sometimes. They are curt and glum. A less forgiving person might think these folks are just plain rude. Hope this review is helpful. Cheers!Would not go again  05122006 Posted by pzippy1I was really excited to find that Samosa Factory was so close by. I called and ordered and drove down to pick it up. I ordered enough for dinner and leftovers for the next day. The manager was very nice when I picked up the food. When I got home, I was more than disappointed. The samosas were edible but barely. Though I must say the chutney was rather good. The lamb korma was not good. The naan was pretty good. But the worst was the spinach (saag) paneer. To say it was an atrocity would be a compliment. I had one bite and couldn't stomach anymore. It was awful. I finished the samosas and the naan and little rice and threw the rest away. If you are looking for good indian in Las Vegas, keep looking, because this isn't it. AVOID IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HORRIBLE FOOD AND OWNER  05192007 Posted by susan_tyits the worst restaurant that I have tried. Went there after looking at the reviews at Citysearch, but was utterly disappointed. The owner refused to give an extra plate to my husband to share the rice pilaf, he wanted us to dig in the servers plate . apart from that the food was horrible !!!! . It looked like the food was days old, we got a stomachache after eating that. The gratuity is added on check, even if you do not want to leave a a tip after a horrible service. The owner even fought with us over this issue.. Please stay away from this place... the food is horrible.......and place stinks..Samosa Factory: worst indian food...  05302007 Posted by barbara123Samosa Factory: This is one of the worst indian restaurant in L.V. If one is looking for a good indian food ,this is not the right place. Owner behave very rudely especially who are new to the place. We noticed that he behave politely who are his frequent diner. Named Samosa Factory but serves worst samosas. They might be making fresh food everyday but leftovers are also served and we had this experience. We eat indian food quite often but never ate such food. It seems they serve days old food. Never ever visit this place. Cons: worst food and service
This is a pretty bad...okay a really bad Indian restaurant.  It was a horrible experience, I don't even know where to start.  The food was bad, the server had no knowledge of what was on the menu and the interior was like a fast food restaurant. Plus...being from the south I'm not knocking a southern accent, but I don't want my server to say "hey y'all what's in this dish"
Had passed this place on our way to Hedary's Restaurant & registered in our heads. Later the same evening after doing Hoover Dam, needed a snack. Samosa being a good snack thought about Samosa Factory.With a name like that, Samosa should be the signature dish, right That's what we thought. Ordered 2 sides  4 Vegetarian samosas as a take out & rushed to hotel to relax & enjoy the Samosas with some nice indian tea. What a let down!! Good amount of filling, no doubt, but absolutely bland. No taste at all. Just boiled potatoes! Half a samosa consumed - rest relegated to trash.   Don't think we will be visiting this place again, nor recommend it to anyone. Thorough let down.We are: Indians - as in BombayFrom: GeorgiaHere for: week vacation
I visited this place with high hopes, since they rave about it on the local NPR affiliate station. It's tiny, which wasn't so bad except for our table was right behind the door. Kinda annoying. The staff (seemingly non-indian) seemed kind-of annoyed that they were so busy that night. We got our food, which tasted like cardboard. Vegetarian isn't supposed to mean flavorless in my opinion. The check was brought before we asked for it.  When we asked for some more rice to supplement the one cup that the three of us shared, they took the bill back (along with the credit card) to charge us an additional dollar. I'm serious.Skip this one and go to India Palace on Twain, or Mint on Flamingo instead...
The only thing I found okay was the garlic naan. Apart from that everything was pretty bland compared to what other indian restaurants offer. I am an Indian too and I would have to admit that it wasn't what I expected. There were no authentic spices which we use daily in our cooking. We had the mango yogurt(lassi) and the yogurt was spoiled... smelling sour and bad. However Rick totally denied it saying "we make our own yogurt and ther eis nothing wrong with it". Thats a LIE.I am never going back to this place. There are so better places in vegas for indian food ...try Indian masala its great choice compared to its 247 availability!
NOT Recommended! I have ordered Tandoori chicken all over the world.  I never had green Tandoori chicken. I asked the waiter of the order was mixed up and he said no. They do not use artificial color. I gave it a shot. Horrible! Real Tandoori uses cayenne, turmeric, paprika and Masala for the red color. Then baked in a tandoor oven. I recommend they hire a real chef from India. I read so many rave reviews about the garlic naan bread. The worst naan in my life. Burnt, thin and taste of only garlic. If anyone knows a great Indian restaurant, please tell me or invite me over for mom's cooking.
We bought groupons as we were sitting at the restaurant, excited for the deal. Then we loaded up on orders to our max.  Unfortunately there is only one groupon allowed per table says the owner with a stick up his butt.  This was our first time at this restaurant and the owner served us.  He stuck to his guns and would not budge on letting us use 2 groupons, even though he openly admitted to being able to make an exception.  We will not go again and definitely not recommending to anyone.  Food wasn't even very good.  No spices and pop that you grow accustomed to in a good Indian dish.  The owner looks like he's from ohio, not bombay.**Revised 12513I think it's completely unprofessional that the OWNER complains about not getting a tip when he was a dick to us.  How about learning some customer service before entering in the retail food industry.Much better Indian restaurants in Vegas by far!!Try these for tasty, authentic Indian food and unconditionally friendly service:1. The Mint - Flamingo and Maryland2. Mount Everest - Sahara and Arville3. India Masala - Flamingo and Swenson4. India Palace - Twain and ParadiseI will never go back to Samosa Factory and urge you not to patron this poor excuse for a restaurant.  Some people are not suited to be in front of customers.  Rick, the owner here, believes the customer is always WRONG.  Not the way to win repeat or new business.
I had real BAD experience at this place. Person catering the customers at this restaurant has no respect for his customer what so ever. He had shown such an attitude that we all decided to walk away from that place. All we asked for is a separate check before we placed an order, and the guy was completely rude. I will never go to that place again nor will recommend to anyone. There are many better Indian restaurants in town who cares for customers and serves way better food than this place. I would rate this place ZERO star if I could but unfortunately Yelp is not having that option.If you don't care about your customers someone else will. Enjoy !!
I was very excited to try out the Samosas here, but, the service was just horrible and the waiter seemed very rude. We went there for lunch and the lunch special menu looked OK. So we decided to order separate lunch specials. We asked the waiter that we are ordering individually and would like individual checks, but, the waiter was too dumb and rude to understand that. He kept pointing at the no separate checks sign on the wall, when we clearly mentioned that we are all gonna order a different dish and naan separately. He even said that we should get out of the restaurant and try the buffet across the street. I have never seen such pathetic hospitality in my life so far. That too opening an Indian restaurant and not knowing about the culture. We have a saying "Atithi Devo Bhava" which means that the guest is God and  should be treated with courtesy, but, I am pretty sure the waiter knows nothing about that.After that we went to Rani's across the street and we were greeted with a smile and treated like a family member. And rani has authentic Indian food. tastes just like home. I have tried almost every Indian restaurant in the City so far and having so many options, I would go to Taj Palace, Ranis or India Masala for their amazing hospitality and authentic Indian food rather than Samosa factory...any day!
I didn't eat here. The rating is because of the rudeness of the staff. I guess they figure if they're busy that night they don't need to be polite to other potential customers. Just average politeness would be appreciated.
"It sucks.. the service is slow and food tastes really bad, and weird. Not going to come again!!!
Marginal service and tasteless food.  Waited over 10min after being seated and the servers were standing around talking.Ordered Pad Thai and Pad See Yew.  Both were absolutely lacking in any flavor and the Pad Thai had very little chicken and no peanuts or green onion as other reviewers noted.Would not return.
We read good food reviews, but we arrived to discover: very dirty bathrooms, grubby menus, stickydirty table tops, and very uncomfortable chairs. Our silverware was greasy, so we left without ordering.
I honestly don't understand what all these great reviews are about. Perhaps I caught them on a bad day Perhaps they ordered a bad shipment of meat Either way, my dining experience at Komol was one of the most unpleasant lunches I have ever had.The meat. Dear God Almighty, the meat. Perhaps they accidentally gave me food out of the garbage I ordered the Red Beef Curry and it was disgusting, absolutely disgusting. My co-workers ordered chicken and seemed to fair fine, but I made then sample my beef and they agreed it was awful. The bad beef alone might have gotten them three stars, but the complete disregard for the fact that they were serving inedible food is what gets them one star. I did not eat even 15 of the food brought. When the waiter asked if I wanted to take the   rest home, I said no. I asked the other people if they wanted the food, and they all said no. One even said, "That meat is awful" while the waiter was there. The server's response "Ok." Not a word of concern, not an offer to bring a new dish. Nope. Komol will serve you garbage and does not care if you hate the food, just as long as you pay.Most restaurants notice, and care, if someone doesn't eat their dish and doesn't take it home either. That's generally the universal sign it was bad. Most restaurants will try to get you something else or ask if there's anything they can do to fix it. Not Komol. Komol wants you to pay and get out.Given the great reviews from others, I'm assuming there are other, more edible foods on the menu. But, take my advice, stay AWAY from the beef. And stay away from Komol if you want a place with good customer service.For a delicious Red Beef Curry, try Le Thai. The beef there is tender, high quality, juicy, and does not taste like garbage.
I've been patronizing this place for a while now.  I used to love the food.  However, with every visit, the quality of food has been on a decline.  I kept going back, though, thinking it might be just that one day that they were not on their game, but it became a pattern. A couple of months ago, I went here with my mom and brother and we ordered a few dishes.  Some highlights:Rice was undercooked.  white rice.  undercooked.  served to us.  The salmon on the salmon curry was severely undercooked, too.  It was basically lightly seared on the outside and had about everything raw in the inside, and I wasn't in the mood for sashimi for lunch that day. Anyway, we informed the server and he quickly gave us a new bowl of rice.  The server also took the salmon dish, since it was too raw for our taste.  When the dish was returned, "fixed," it wasn't a salmon that was on our plate.  It was actually a fish with white meat.  It didn't even taste like a salmon.  They thought that they can pull a fast one on us, since the curry was orange and encapsulated the whole fish.  smh.  We informed the server of this, and he quickly came to defend the dish, stating that, "It IS salmon - it came out of a package."  Ok, well maybe the chef picked from the wrong package (intentionally, perhaps, to save money by using a cheaper fish)  The chef knew what a salmon looked like a few minutes ago.  The server then agreed that it was a bit on the non-pink side and just deducted that dish from our bill.  If this experience isn't worthy of the 1 star, I don't know what is.
Inconsistent service seems to be what Komol is serving up lately. At the time I write this I'm currently holding the Duke status on the Yelp app from all my check-ins. And I've been a fan of Komol for almost 2 years now. Service over that time has seen some rough spots but my visit today was a first: I walked out without having been served the main part of my order. A little backstory... While Komol has an extensive menu with great offerings like their curries and vegetarian fare it's the Chili Mint Chicken that's my comfort food of choice. I've ordered it so much that most of the staff knows my order...they don't even have to hand me a menu. So yes I know Komol, and when they are on their game they totally blow away their competition across the parking lot. But then you get days like today where you ask for an extra egg roll and never get it. Or it takes them 35+ minutes to attempt to put out a simple plate of Chili Mint Chicken that can normally be done in under half the time. I understand the place gets busy or they have called in orders. But I've been there when the place was even busier and didn't see the delay I had today. And what makes it even more frustrating is my last visit was perfect in almost every way. But the visit before that was almost as bad as today...and this is all in the past 2 weeks. Thankfully there is a McDonalds down the street so a quick unhealthy Big Mac, fries, and a sweet tea kept me from going back to work hungry. But now that I no longer have an empty stomach I wonder how can I get a message across to the Komol staff that their service needs to improve The only option I have is to drop some stars...and express my frustration where it will get noticed and hopefully acted upon. Come on Komol....fix this mess. Until they make some changes...yeah, Eek! Me thinks not, one star territory seems appropriate. It's harsh...but then again I didn't feel so hot leaving hungry either.
I wanted to like Komol because it's close to my house and they carry brown rice.Upon walking in to pick up my to go order I was greeted by an unfriendly face. The rest of the interaction I had with this young lady was like pulling teeth. The food was also extremely disappointing and reminded me of the greasy Asian food at a mall food court. I ordered the chicken panang curry; pad thai with chicken; spring rolls. Panang curry was ridiculously oily that I could not bring myself to eat it and later brought it back for a refund. The pad Thai was also oily and it came in a Chinese take out box which made the noodles clump together. The brown rice I had along with my food was crunchy.After I ate, I went back for a refund for the brown rice and panang curry. I wanted to show them how oily the curry was and that is was not edible. The man did not seem like he cared about improving these issues and just wanted me out of the restaurant. I left with a refund but will never be back.
1 Star for Komol Absolutely. Komol's food is usually really good, so much so that it's been on my weekly lunch rotation for almost 2 years. But no matter how good their food is, if you can't get service nothing else matters. Less than an hour ago as I write this and for the 2nd time recently I've walked out without getting my food. If the parking lot is packed service always seems to suffer. Thursdays in particular seem to be the worst. While LOS across the parking lot is a lot more expensive and overrated in my opinion, at least I can get something to eat there. When the Komol staff knows you by name, and even knows your favorite order and they still screw it up...yeah, that's certainly 1 Star worthy.
I would give zero stars if I could. What a terrible experience. We went there for lunch, it was packed and we got seated at a long table where other people were seated a few seats down at the same table. Like a school lunch situation. They kept forgetting about us. It took forever to order our food and the people seated long after us got their food first. We inquired about our food and were told it's coming. Then a waitress came by and told us they were out of Indian curry and asked what else we wanted. 45 minutes in and they are just now telling us that they haven't even started our lunch!!!! Hungry and outraged we left. It should be noted that the table next to us got up and left without receiving thier food bc it took so long and they had to get back to work. I would never recommend this place. Avoid it if you can.
Walk in, wait five minutes..but hey look at cool antiquesvintage items. I was excited!Sit down with others at one table.  Okay, I'm chatty.  My friend and I tried to sit next to the couple and were informed that we should leave a seat in between...hmmm...social  ReallyTold the waitress we had never been there.  My friend wasn't really that hungry, so the idea of a full entree for brunch didn't appeal to her.  I ordered almond french toast with raspberry sauce...we were going to share (didn't understand it was a buffet).  The waitress "kindly" informed us that we would have to be charged for two people.  Okay, fine, that's legit.  So my friend and I decided to eat what we could...get our money's worth!We're eating the french toast...the waitress scurries over..."I'm going to have to charge you for two if she keeps eating".  What  We thought you were anyway.  Apparently my friend and I go from restaurant to restaurant trying to cheat them out of as much money as possible.Soggy french toast and a catty waitress...no thanks...I'm good.P.S.  I really tried to give it a chance...but I suppose my hipster status isn't solid enough.
This place reminded me of eating in a thrift store. If you can get over that, you'll probably enjoy it. I believe that their menu is 100% vegetarian.  I just couldn't get over the fact that I was eating amongst people's old possessions.
Crusty. Sloppy. Dark.
OMGTerrible even my wife likes vegetarian and hated this Quick give me a real egg and meat!! Even sub par for veggie lovers The first experience with a yelp recommendation I was totally turned off by
Zenith Antiques gives vegans everywhere a bad name. I went here because it's recommended as a "great vegan spot in Pittsburgh" while nothing could be further from the truth. Is the food vegan Sure. Is it decent Absolutely not. Ignoring the fact that it the "antiques" that are barricaded sloppily in the space are actually similar to donations that Good Will recievessells (and that it smells like a musty old Good Will store), the last time I went here (December 2012) to try to dissuade me from hating this place, someone was smoking a cigarette inside at one of the tables. Pardon me for trying to avoid ordering COPD with a side of lung cancer while at brunch. DISGUSTING. This is not a night club, if it were, I could potentially ignore this transgression and chalk it up to "he was so wasted, he lit up a cigarette." This is obviously an acceptable standard at Zenith Antiques, and consequently the atmosphere and the food stinks.
On a recent family visit to Pittsburgh, we ended up desperately needing to find food in the Mt. Lebanon area.  I know this is not the same location but how different can the food be for this kind of chain (although at the time of getting food there I did not realize this was a chain).  We got food to go so I can't comment on the service.  I don't recall exactly the names of things we got but I know that there was lentil soup (completely underwhelming, over-spiced with oregano but otherwise bland), grape leaf wraps (bland and boring), and two pitas...one with lamb the other a combo.  My husband's combo pita wrap was alright, nothing to write home about though.  My lamb wrap was good enough to eat when there were no other options but not flavorful enough for fond memories of a meal.  Basically, other no-so super Lebanese eateries could wipe the floor with Aladdin's food.  I will never go back and would not recommend unless you are desperate and want to avoid other questionable places like Ruby Tuesday, TGIF, etc or nasty fast food.
I usually love Aladdin's but today it was unbelievably awful. I will go back again and hope things have changed. For starters they charged me twice for tea (4.50) bc they gave me a second tea bag. Had I known that it would cost me an additional 2.25 for a single bag of cheap tea I would not have ordered it. The least the waitress could have done is have told me that my "free refill" was not, in fact, free. Also, the tuna in the grilled tuna salad was disgustingly fishy and overcooked. I usually order something different (the mishwi or lamb salad) so I am unsure if this is how it usually is but also the fact that no one seemed willing to fix the issue makes it far worse. I told the waitress that she should have told me about the extra charges and her answer was that I was correct about her having to tell me but that she didn't and basically that sucks for me. No answer on the fish. I have been a long time customer and am sorely irritated that I was treated this way.
Disappointing is the word that comes to mind when describing Buraka.We first ordered the samoons (excuse spelling errors) and they came to us with a warm outside and cold inside, a sure indication of them not being fresh and most likely frozen beforehand. Then we ordered the combination platter with each a side salad. The salad was measly at best. Very little lettuce and only a tomato on top. The food came out and was also partially cold.Also, this is so far from authentic. They gave you silverware. Also, platters should be served on a large tray, almost like a pizza tray, with injera covering the whole thing. The chosen dishes then on top. NOT in a bowl. I've had Ethiopian food in both NYC and SF, both times phenomenal and authentic. I would never ever bring someone here for their first Ethiopian food. They would get the wrong impression. I know that if Buraka was my first Ethiopian restaurant I would not list Ethiopian food as one of my favorite foods. Avoid unless you are desperate.
Okay, so first of all, I'm not from Madison so my opinion of what Ethiopian food should taste like is skewed. But I'm not going to base this review solely on that. I'm going to write this review because the food my sister and I had here the other night was absolutely terrible. We were hoping for a great late-night bite after spending the day on State Street, and this place looked interesting...I wish we had just perused the menu and walked out.I ordered the vegetarian peanut stew, and I tasted no peanuts in the "stew" whatsoever. The injera was disgusting and didn't soak up any of the sauce. My sister commented that it felt like she might be eating skin. I took my last bite and about gagged. Sis had the chicken peanut stew, curious- I tasted her sauce to see if it had any hint of peanut... none. We were both so disappointed in coming here, we walked out pretty let-down and depressed that we actually spent money on that slop. I've had better food served to me from a high-school cafeteria, and believe me, that is saying something.Do yourself a favor and skip eating here, save your first experience with Ethiopian food for a visit to a bigger city. I hate to dis Madison because I think a lot of restaurants here do their best, but Buraka is simply serving the cheapest and most ill-prepared food and getting away with it because you Madisonians have nothing to compare it to! Sorry if this sounded condescending or rude but I really don't want anybody else to leave with a bad taste in their mouth.
This used to be my FAVORITE place to eat.  Today that sadly ended. First, they might be under new owners as the menu changed and the taste was a little different.  But, the worst thing that happened when I went today was that a saw a HUGE roach. The chef came out 2-3 times to try to kill it. he also used the word again, making me think this wasn't a new problem.  And, the worst part was that he asked the customer who pointed it out if she was scared of it. Um, I am scared that it has likely run around my food and nested in the ingera before you gave it to me.  So gross that you don't see to care!!!
I must be the only person not giving this place a 5. I went here because of the reviews and I'm going to be honest, I'm not sure if this is because my taste buds are different or I went on a bad day I went here for my birthday in April of this year and the food was disgusting....to me. I tried something from "raw food" menu and my husband tried an Ethiopian meal. This was the worst food I ever had in my life. If I could give this place a zero I would. Again, I was going to try something new, and I think that maybe, I'm just not into Ethiopian or raw food I'm going to try another Ethiopian restaurant in the future and see if its just me or if it was The Blue Nile. But yeah....ill never go here again. After a few bites of everything, we didn't touch our food and basically wasted money.  We ended up canceling desert, tipping really good because the waiter was amazing...but leaving without a to-go box.
Wow, I do not get why so many people like this place unless they like it because it is ethnic and different.I went with a group of friends, some of whom are vegetarian. We had 3 children with us. It is in a strip mall on University. It has very basic decorating. The owner was our waiter, his wife was in the restaurant and so was his child who ran around the whole time.We ordered 2 of the large assortment platters where you get a scoop of everything. We ordered injera bread and various drinks. I frankly felt overcharged for scoops of food that were CLEARLY not freshly prepared but froma steam table. Who knows when it was prepared! Sorry if you do not agree but food from a steam table is not worhty of the price they charge. I will not go back again. This is not the first Ethiopian restaurant we have been to and not the best.
The welcome we received walking in was colder than darth vader in outer space. As we walked to the table the hostess was not happy to seat us. We did not feel welcome and left to the Blue Nile on Rural and University. Blue Nile is great.... highly recommend over this place.
I now know why Ethiopians are so skinny, their food is gross and a huge pain in the ass to eat.  I wouldn't eat it either if it was all I had.  The whole eating with your hands might be quaint for some folk, I just find it welfare and cheap.  Call me crazy, but I enjoy a utensil now and then.  I say to the folk of Ethiopia "treat yoself - get some forks". All in all I'd say that's as close to Ethiopia as I hope to ever come, and the next time someone recommends this restaurant or type of food, it will serve as grounds to immediately never speak to them again and put a horrible curse on their sad existence.
Different food but not great. Service is very bad and slow. We were a group of 10 people went for lunch, the lady who served us was very rude. When we asked asked for the straws she literally threw them on the table. And the food was served to us after 45 mins. Regarding food, I feel the food had raw curry powder flavors and pretty much all the food items had similar taste.
Four of us enjoyed dinner there this week but within hours three of us had major stomach issues which to put it mildly put a damper on our enthusiasm for this restaurant.  Be warned.  We had beef, chicken, salad and vegetarian dishes.  Caveat emptor!
This restaurant is so over priced and mediocre I can't even eat here at all. The best place to get Ethiopian food is ethio-african spices in Phoenix. Don't go anywhere else. Trust me. I spend 50 dollars on just me and my boyfriend at this cafe and the food is dripping with grease leaving you with gas every time, and the injera isn't that good. If u want perfect Ethiopian cuisine for a fraction of the cost SORRY BUT YOU HAVE TO GO TO PHOENIX.
It's a pretty bad sign when natives don't come to this restaurant. This is not authentic ethopian food and made specifically to cater to Americans. This was the first time I was offered a fork which was bad sign 1. The injera taste like a tortilla and nothing like authentic injera, bad sign 2. Finally the awaze tibs was bland and the doro wot was extremely sweet. Definitely won't be coming back here since this is pretty much saying panda express is authentic Chinese food.
Horrible injera, it was NOT warm or fresh at all. I have been to many Ethiopian restaurants. They explained that I must have gotten injera from places that serve fresh injera out the oven. Wth
I need to deduct another star for their use of styrofoam cups.  Green definitely it's not.
TERRIBLE! Everything was either fried or so salty I could not even eat it. The atmosphere was nice, laid back and stylish but the food was not good. I got the tofu with veggies and brown rice and it was so salty I could even take more than 2 bites. We also the hummus and pita as an appetizer. The pita chips were FRIED and so greasy! I left with a stomach ache. Very disappointed. I came all the way from the bay area to try this place and will not recommend to vegan friends or anyone else. Sorry guys! Need to go with fresh local produce menu and help make vegans proud... help all people  eat healthy...not stuff them with fried processed food that will contribute to America's obesity problem. Good luck!
OK so this is my first review in a very long time, but I just can't keep quiet any longer. My husband is a big yelper but sometimes he does not tell the whole "truth".So the other night, my Husband decided we should try something totally different and go "Green". I love trying new places, I was down for the challenge. As usual, I went onto to YELP and looked at reviews. They were pretty positive, so it was a go.Well first of all I think people are just not honest. The ONLY reason to go to this restautant is if you are a vegan otherwise stay away. First of all, we walk in and it is chaos. A nice sign indicating please seat yourself or order at counter would be very helpful. So we look over the menu. I have to admit the idea of "mock" meat just does not sound good.Now don't get me wrong I go vegetarian all the time at restaurants. I have to admit that Chelsea's Kitchen makes an excellent black bean burger. Anyways, we start off with mock chicken wings, I would be lieing if I did not tell you I think I might have vomited a little in my mouth. So gross. Next, we try some artichoke dip, that was actually good because it was semi normal. I order the veggie burger. I have eaten plenty of boca burgers in  my day, but this was just gross. WHen I order a veggie burger I don't need it to look like an actual burger patty. It was pink inside. Again, I could not even eat it, I thought I was going to be sick. If I wanted to get an actual burger, I would have gone to LGO and gotten a burger.Needless to say, I will not be going back. Just riddle me this, if you don't eat me then why do you insist in making your food appear as meat I don't like tuna fish, and the last thing I would want is my steak to look and smell like tuna fish!!
Wow, this is my 3rd time trying to post a review, and each time it has been erased when I go to press submit....I came here based on the awesome yelp reviews and was VERY disappointed. The food was awful. I am not vegetarian nor vegan so I am not knowledgeable in appreciating good mock meat, but I CAN differentiate between tasty and unappetizing.Artichoke Dip was watery and looked like light greybrown colored gunk.I got the Thai Peanut Noodle Bowl with tofu and was only able to take a couple bites because it really tasted awful. I typically really like eating tofu too. Please believe me in that I am not a picky eater and it is very rare for me to dislike a restaurant meal.My boyfriend got a mock beef dish that had this underlying soy flavor. One plus about both our entrees was the amount of veggies in our dishes, but we couldn't even pick out the vegetables because of that strong background taste that lingered on our tongues.
I should like Green. I have been a vegetarian for over ten years and I really like when I can go to a restaurant and eat whatever I want. I like the concept of Green, but after two tries, I can say with full confidence that I do not like Green.Atmosphere: I have no problem with the heavy hipster vibe. In fact, it reminds me of home (ATX is a hipster Mecca during South by) and boyfriend and I make jokes about the decor while standing in line. What I dislike is the "I don't give a damn" attitude from the staff behind the counter. The first time we went to Green, I asked the guy behind the counter for a recommendation between two items. He scoffed at me: "I guess if I *had* to pick, I would go with the sweet and sour." Wow. The second time, the girl behind the counter could not be bothered to greet us. She was too busy talking to the other girl behind the counter. When she finally saw that we weren't leaving, she took our order as if it was some great inconvenience to her. Sorry, dear. (Don't worry, I will not be back.) Food: Boyfriend and I hated the food we have gotten here. First time: He ordered the greenza flatbread pizza and I ordered the sweet and sour. The pizza was an inedible mess of waxy "cheese", soggy bread, and pesto. He ate two bites and pushed it away. I mostly liked my sweet and sour except for the fact it was drenched in the sweet and sour sauce. (Dear Green, I *like* the taste of vegetables and tofu, you do not have to hide those things from me. Sincerely, Liz) Second time: I ordered the No Harm Chickn Parm. I can say that the bread was good, but it's a bit too hard to mess up bread that you buy from a third party. The chickn was inedible. It tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency. I do not understand how some Yelpers said this was the best mock chicken they have ever eaten. Boca and Morning Star Farms are infinitely better (and cheaper). Boyfriend got the green hummus. He said it was good. Not worth $4, but good. The pita chips were over-fried--almost burnt. Icky. Other: 1. The drinks are meh at best. All the drinks in the refrigerated case can be bought at Fry's or Whole Foods. Please do not waste your money.  2. There are not enough tables for the amount of people. I guess Green is to be treated like a coffee shop, not a restaurant. Plop down, claim your table, eat some noms, and surf the web. Do not leave for hours! I guess this is nice for some people, but it is impossible to get a table at dinner time. FYI3. No AC in the "restaurant" during the summer. Unacceptable. TL;DR: Waxy "cheese", too much sauce, inedible mock meats. Don't go.
The one lonely star is for the ambiance and decor, which I did find appealing. We ordered a pizza and KP noodle bowl. I got my noodles quickly and actually finished the dish before we realized that the pizza had not arrived. Went up to the counter to find out that the cook had burned the pizza and had not started another one, so we went ahead and ordered another noodle dish. 20 minutes later they brought the wrong dish with ingredients specifically asked not to include. The manager gave us 3 dollars back as the pizza was actually $5 more and did apologize, but by then we where to tired to ask for a full refund.
We were very excited to try Green since there aren't very many vegan restaurants around the Valley.  Unfortunately, we were highly disappointed!  Because so many people in reviews raved about the hot wings we decided we had to give them a try.  We neither one could eat them, they were hard and dry with very little taste to them.  We also tried the eggless rolls which were ok however very greasy.  We were surprised to have the BBQ bacon burger that we shared come out with a white bun instead of whole wheat.  I don't understand why the ChefOwner quit with the healthy aspect of a vegetarianvegan menu and put in a processed white flour bun!  I realize there are vegans who do eat gluten products, however there are those of us who prefer to eat gluten free.  I have never written a bad reveiw of a restaurant before so I feel very bad about this, but I felt I needed to.
Horrible service. Just placed an order  and they gave my food to the wrong person, gave me no compensation, and took far longer to  finally get me my order than they told me. I like vegan food, but don't be such a**holes, especially when you screw up.
If you like fancy rubber this place is awesome! I even got some soy ice cream (which normally I am a huge fan of) and it tastes like mud pies after a rainy day near a sewer.
I too had a horrible experience with Valley Income Properties. They managed our apartment building for a year. In that year, security deposits decreased over 50%, rents decreased, laundry income decreased, lease terms went from 1 year to 6 months and late fees for overdue rent were very rarely collected. As the owner, I had to take over lease extensions because the property manager couldn't get it done. When I asked Rich (the VIP manager who handled our building) via email about my concerns regarding decreased security deposits, expired leases, late fees, etc, his brother Jeff (the owner of VIP) replied and told me I needed to stop micro managing. As the owner of VIP, Jeff should have picked up the phone and talked with me about my concerns instead of being defensive and confrontational about his brother. While he monitored Rich's email, he did not monitor his text or our face to face meetings when Rich told me he managed 24 other properties and was overwhelmed. VIP lacks professionalism and people skills. I would not recommend them at all. The good news is the new property management is professional and competent.
If I could give this place less than one star, I would. I have no idea who gave this place high reviews but they must either own the place or be time travelers from back in the day when this place might not have sucked. The decor is tired and grimy, the place reeked of smoke, and the bartenderserver was surly, to put it mildly. We went there on a Saturday night with a mind to try the Irish food. Apparently, we were out of luck. I've always thought that the secrets of restaurant success is to actually stock food for people to eat. He told us before we ordered that they had no "pies". No chicken pot pie, no shepherds pie, etc. So, we gamely tried to order other things. We placed our order. My wife, for example, ordered the Irish stew and he came back 5 min later telling us they were out of that and even more things for several people in our party. At that point my wife picked out a third option, ham and cabbage, only to be told again that "they were out". At that point, realizing that the only food to be had in the place was what was crusted on the menus, we asked to pay for our drinks and left. They actually then gave us flack for not having enough to put it on a debit card. In short, unless you like your dinner with a side of disappointment and depression, I'd probably avoid this place like the plague. Speaking of the plague, I suppose we should thank Mr. Surly for inspiring us to walk out. I only have two bathrooms at my house and would've been hard pressed to accommodate several violently ill people at once.
Before today I probably would have given this place three stars based mostly on their beer selection; however, today the service was terrible. We waited two hours for a pizza sub, French onion soup, fries, and buffalo chicken tenders. About an hour and a half in we finally got the small pizza sub and the wrongly made buffalo chicken tenders (ie, no hot sauce). We were told by the waitress that she realized it was wrong, but decided to still bring it out to see if my gf would eat it. She sent it back. By a half hour later, we still had not received the buffalo chicken tenders, nor the French onion soup (which should have been mostly made already), and no fries.  We were told the chef was new, but no effort was made really to make the situation better. No quick and easy app or beers on the house. To boot, the beer was pretty expensive. I will probably give the place another chance based on their beer selection, but it won't be for a while. The food has always been average at best, and the pizza sub was no different. We ended up leaving after two hours without receiving 75% of our order.
Despite living in PIttsburgh for most of my life, I've somehow managed to never eat at Max's Allegheny Tavern until recently.  My initial impression of the restaurant was positive - the place had an old neighborhood feel to it, a small crowd was drinking at the end of the antique hardwood bar, and the German murals on the walls made me crave an icy-cold German lager with a stout head of foam.  I thought about how well German potato salad would taste with that beer.  So I grabbed a seat at the bar and eagerly awaited the first taste of my beer.And I waited...and waited...and waited some more - for over 15 minutes before someone came around to take the order.  Actually that isn't quite accurate.  Two employees came around - one to the end of the bar, and one behind the bar directly opposite me.  Both of them stared at me.  Neither one greeted me or asked me what I would have like to order.  I stared back, incredulously, and even made a "what's going on here" palms-extended-upward-shoulder-shrug gesture.  Neither one took the hint.Finally a third employee came around the bar and took my order.  Great, I thought to myself, finally that beer.  She served the beer in a Mason jar.  WTF!  Who serves imported German lager at a German restaurant in a freaking Mason jar  Max's does.  The beer was devoid of its head, likely the result of a bad beer pour andor a less than perfectly clean glass (an endemic problem with Pittsburgh restaurants, in my observation).  I was sad.  I quaffed my beer quickly in an attempt to salve my irritation and opened the menu.My first impression of the menu can be summed as follows: "Uh-oh".  The menu is huge with a number of "slow-food" stews and braises.  The restaurant is more than half-empty.  How can a restaurant prepare such a large number of menu items, including more than a few labor-intensive dishes, freshly every day and still stay in business when the place isn't even half-full  Answer: They can't.  The food isn't fresh.I ordered the Wiener Schnitzel.  I love properly prepared Wiener Schnitzel.  Made with fresh butterflied veal breast, slightly pounded and seasoned, well-coated in fresh bread crumbs, and pan-fried in clarified butter until golden brown on the outside and juicy on the inside, Wiener Schnitzel is the ultimate comfort food.  Sadly, Max's Wiener Schnitzel had nothing to do with properly prepared Schnitzel.  The veal was super-thin, had a texture that strongly suggested it had been mechanically processed, and tasted as if it was pre-breaded and frozen.  It wasn't pan fried either.  The breaded, frozen, puck was simply dropped into a fryolater - where the breading puffed out and fell off of the meat in places (which doesn't happen when the cutlet is resting against the cooking surface under its own weight as when the dish is properly pan-fried).  The edges of the sad Schnitzel had curled up and it looked a horrible mess on the plate.  Curly Schnitzel!  My stomach dropped.My sides, German potato salad and braised red cabbage, were equally awful.  The German potato salad had an unnatural glossy sheen - the kind that typically comes from bottled sauces that contain high fructose corn syrup.  The "bacon" in the dressing was nothing more than tiny flecks of some sort of processed, possibly faux, "meat".  The potatoes were suspiciously uniform in thickness and roundness - exactly the homogeneity that is found in pre-peeled, pre-sliced, vacuum-sealed processed potatoes.  It was a gluey, sickly sweet, mess.  I didn't have more than a bite or two.  The braised red cabbage didn't taste fresh - it tasted like it had been sitting in a steam table for a day or two and my order was its last chance to be eaten.  Max's Allegheny Tavern bills itself on their web site as, "The Best in German Fare.  The Best in Service".That's total bullshit.  It's awful - both for service and fare.If you want good, authentic, German fare (in which the Schnitzel is properly pan-fried to order and delicious), join the Teutonia Mannerchor down the street.  I'll never return.
I must of been eating at another Max's in a pararell universe!Food was terriable, service was worse! Went and got Sushi!
My husband and I have been to this restaurant many times over the past 20 years and went for sandwiches tonight. Sorry to say it was the worst food we have ever eaten at this place. Reuben sandwich was greasy and had little meat. Sweet potato fries were not edible. We ate at a table at the bar and told Andy our bartender but got zero satisfaction. Since we've had such a bad experience and no effort by the restaurant to remedy a BAD MEAL, be warned!
Awful service; took us 2 and a half hours to get our food and the waiter forgot several items (then added a few beers we didn't order on to our tab; I'm assuming because he thought we were too drunk to notice.) Then we find out that after we had nicely split the tab for them (even adding in an extra $10 on top of the grat because we were too lazy to re-do the math) that they wouldn't split the check In the time we argued about it, you could have run the 3 credit cards we had and been done with it.Had to argue with the manager (who was completely unhelpful, with one of the waiters standing behind her and being rude to me for backup) for 10 minutes and they didn't give us an inch. I would have stiffed the waiter for the awful service if I could have; but we got gratted so I didn't even have that option.If you want to come here with more than 3 people, avoid D's. Their beer is severely overpriced ($10 for a beer I can get at Sharp Edge for $6 no thanks!) and the food is the same fried garbage covered in cheese you can get at any other bar in Pittsburgh.In other words, don't come here. I used to like this place, but tonight was such a bad experience I'll just go to one of the other places in Pittsburgh that serves hot dogs, french fries and beer. There are plenty of them, I won't miss D's at all.
I tried to go here for the second time today.  I say tried because I sat at the bar for about 7 mins with 3 people walking around behind it and no one even acknowledging I was there.  I ended up going next door to The Map Room for lunch.The first time I had gone I had a server come and take my order, a kitchen guy ran it out, and then no one ever came back for 45 mins.  I went to the counter for my check and thought that I wouldn't give it another go.  Well, you can't say I didn't try. I had the barbeque chicken pizza the first time and it wasn't bad, but its not a place I'd make my go to pizza place.
Horrible staff! Terrible attitude and we could tell didn't want to be there.  Screwed up our bill and was visible aggravated and angry when we questioned charges.  This awful service makes us never want to return.
For the first time in my life, I sent my meal back to the kitchen. The Corn Beef in the Corn Beef and Cabbage tasted really bad and felt like I was chewing gum. Avoid that plate at all costs
Captain's Log Stardate: Circa 2004 - 2006-ish... I lived about an hour and a half outside of the city. Coming here was usually pretty exciting. (Here as in the city, not Silky's.) I had a friend who lived here in the East End and on the street I reside on now. Several times we found ourselves at Silky's Pub. I love the corner building, the way it looks out onto Liberty Ave. It looks so welcoming. Especially in the summer. Outdoor seating, always pretty well packed with people.I'll come right out and say that the crowd that frequents Silky's isn't my usual crowd, but unlike some bars I'd never had an issue with someone wanting to start a fight with us because we look like a bunch of dirty malcontents. This place is just not our usual dive bar.Thursday night my boyfriend texted me that he was there with a mutual friend. Living less than a city block from there I headed over. I needed a beer and some hockeyworld series action to distract me after the Halloween parade. It was as busy as usual. A few seats remaining and I managed to snag one right at the bar, front and center.I hate to say this because I don't remember this happening years ago when I went there. I was not even acknowledged. I get flagging down a bartender in a crazy busy bar in the South Side on a Friday night. I don't like it but I get it. This was a moderately steady Thursday night. I wasn't standing behind the people's sitting at the bar. I was the person sitting at the bar. There were two male bartenders both bartenders asked the guy next to me multiple times if he wanted anything else to drink. By "multiple times" I mean 6 or 8 times. The person sitting directly beside me. They wouldn't look at me. I tried to make eye contact with either of them and it was as if I wasn't even there. Eventually the boyfriend's beer emptied as well. This is about 20 minutes after I arrived. I've had people walk in and stand behind us and the bar tender or waitress was on them immediately. After another 5 minutes of the boyfriend's beer being perched precariously on the edge of the bar and the bartenders standing there chatting he had to ask the bartender for a refill and if I could have a drink.The bartender looks up at him, grabs his pint glass angrily from the bar and says, "Oh, you wanted another" Really I was so angry at that point that it took everything I had not to ask the guy what his issue was.  I later saw him drop a pint glass and stumble into something so many he was drunk.The food that other people ordered smelled and looked great. Even the seafoody bits which I normally hate smelling. The tv's are plentiful and newer. I just don't know if I'll ever get to go back and try the food as I hate being slighted by a business owner and treated as if my business isn't appreciated.
So this place is a smoker friendly pub, located next to Jernigan's Tobacco Village in The Galleria.  Looking into the pub, it looks like an olde English gentleman's study,which is why I thought it'd be fun to go here.  I had also read an article about this place that sang it's praises.  Don't bother eating here.  I think this is one of those places that only sells food so they can allow indoor smoking.Service (there was ONE bartender working the entire place) Is slow, food is overpriced and poorly made.I ordered what was described as a vegetarian sandwich, what I got was a poorly made (and TINY) calzone.
At the pubrestaurant side I had a very bad experience, terrible food, even worse service.  A complete waste of money, avoid at all costs.
The following is an email that i sent jernigan's management about an experience that i had in their pub. Mind you, it seems that the only reason that they have a "pub" is to allow indoor smoking. Do not visit the pub. I have vowed to not shop at this store at all since i had such a bad experience AND they did not try to remedy my experience. In this day and age it seems that businesses no longer strive to satisfy the customer, just make it OK for them. The email below describes my experience. I did not receive a satisfactory reply from management. My wife, a friend, and I visitied Jernigan's Tobacco Village yesterday, 2202012, and I want to let you know of the poor service that we recieved. We arrived and promptly bought some cigars to take into the pub. Mind you, this was our first visit to the pub, since I was waiting for one of my friends to turn 21 as he has recenlty. Needless to say, we have had this trip planned for quite some time and had been looking forward to it. So we took a seat in the pub, looked at the menu a bit, and waited for quite some time for the bartender to come out to us from behind the bar. When he finally did, he got us our drinks and then left us without asking if we would like anything to eat. And we had been planning on getting something to eat also. Being this was my first visit to the pub, i wasn't sure if food was being served or not, so i went to the bar to ask if that was the case and he merely told me that he would be over in a minute to take our food order. He never came back to our table to ask us if we needed another drink, or to ask us if we wanted to order any food. I was very surprised at this since i had even asked him about our food order in the first place. So we let it go until we had finished our drinks and cigars which, as  i am sure you can understand, took some time. In that time he never came back over to us and instead, chatted with some patrons at the bar and even came to wait on another table and completely ignored us. After we were completely finished with our single drink and cigar, he finally came over and I simply asked for the check. When i payed for the check, he brought our change back and tossed it on the table, declared the amount of chage, and walked away. No "Have a nice night" or anything like that. We were all completely disappointing in this experience since we had been looking forward to this for quite some time. We were prepared to spend some time, and money, in your establishment but this experience has definitely turned us away. And on a personal note, i feel as if we were discriminated against because we are not the usual older clientele that i am sure you are used to serving in your pub. Our ages ranged in our 20s and i feel that we were looked at as immature children just pretending to be adults. As i stated, another table of older gentlemen were served twice more and we were never waited on. We all felt very uncomfortable, since we had never been there before, and felt as if we were being pushed out. My check information is listed below:Check number 150360Server: FredDate 2202012 Time 7:33PMI wanted to bring this information to your attention. Thank you.Sincerely,     Frank Ramaglia Jr.As it seems from the other reviews here, Jernigan's does not like or want to serve food. If it is that hard for them to do then it should not be on the menu at all. Instead of disappointing customers they could simply remedy this problem by taking the option of food away.
I have been going here for years to buy cigars.....even when they were upstairs in the mall. But I have always been a little skeptical about the bar(I am a drinker) and the premise under which they exist. They offered no food for sale today, and in fact a customer ordered Chinese food on his cell phone to be delivered to the pub so that he  could eat dinner. The barmaid sat at the bar the whole time I was there...smoking and chatting up her buds. Avoid at all cost. Had to ask for a drink each time, and for the check. But cigar shop is very good
This place would be nice in theory except for 2 very important things.  1 there service is awful, 2 there prices are awful. There are several other places a cigar smoker can go with much better service and prices. Smoke cigar lounge in collier, the oyster house in pleasant hills, castle tavern in castle shannon, chippino in the strip,level 40 in robinson etc.
Bad food. Bug problem. In a neighborhood full of homeless roaming the streets like zombies.
I don't know what the hype is. I ordered steak which came out luke warm and over salted. It seemed old. Also my veggies weren't seasoned at all and were not even steamed. Not interested in returning.
Hall of Frames stinks. They recently started advertising with Yelp and have repeatedly complained to Yelp about a 100% genuine and honest 3 star review I wrote about my experience with their service. So Yelp has removed it twice. Now it's rewritten and a 1-star review:80% of the cuts on their frames are very sloppy. They try to cover it up with putty and hope you won't notice. Fortunately, the guys at this Scottsdale store are really nice and they have a no-hassle re-make policy.Unfortunately, they've jacked up their prices. A lot. Now, even with a coupon, their current prices are at about the same level as their non-discounted prices from a few months ago. Now it's no longer worth all the hassle to get custom frames from HOF.Save your money and go someplace else where they will do the job right the first time.
STAY AWAY!  Although the owner Paul is personable and they act like they know what they are talking about... I brought in a large job and waited a couple of weeks until I had to call them to check-on progress...they rushed my articles and framed with colors they made-up and printed my stuff on the cheapest paper! For photos Wow! Then when I demanded my remaining pieces back, they LOST one of my originals! If you value your work go somewhere else.  They treat you amazing once you walk in they do the worst work product I have experienced. I went somewhere else and received great work. The price was a little more expensive but YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY for. You have been warned!
Wow, super unfriendly companyI am an asian- american n I do know how to speak english.The guy who answering phone sounded like that I was bothring him.I said I just want to get the quote n he was asking if I wana get the coat. Like wearing coat and asked me if I know wat kind of company they are.Of course I do!!!! Why do I call the framing company to get the coatI had to keep repeat my self that I want to get the quote not wearing coat n even spell out for him!!! But I feel that I was unwelcome guest from his sound of voice.I had to think to myself that maybe they treat ppl differently.I would not recommand this place to my fellow asian ppl
My first time here for lunch. I went with 2 other friends. What we had:Appetizer: artichoke and spinach dip with tortilla chips Lunch: fish and chips, and their special of the day meatballs.We got our appetizer and it was good. The fish and chips were a little on the greasy side, but what do you expect for fried fish and french fries. The meatballs... that's another story. They used a spice in it that had a very strong licorice taste (I think the spice is called anise). There were 4 meatballs for $7.95. I took a small bite off of one and almost gagged. I could not handle the licorice taste. I asked if I can substitute it for fish and chips and make it "to go" as we were running out of time. When the check came, they did not take the meatballs off and asked the waitress about it. Come to find out that the OWNER said "JUST BECAUSE I DIDN'T LIKE IT, I STILL HAD TO PAY FOR IT!". I WAS SHOCKED!!!!  I told her, then I didn't want the fish and chips. I only ordered a higher price item as not to walk out with only a $30 bill.  We ended up leaving paying $46, $8.00 for the meatballs that I only had 1 bite out of! It's a good thing I ate my share of the artichoke dip or I would have STARVED!I WILL NEVER BE COMING BACK HERE AGAIN!!!!!
This review is about rude, rude Wally. First off, as my 80 year old mother and I were coming in slowly, he said "hurry up, old lady."  The food was ok, frankly not one thing to talk about.  A $10 - $14 burgers and salad kind of joint.  My son ordered the halibut special. The bill for a plate with some rice, green beans, and a piece of halibut was $26.95!!!!! I told Wally I thought that was too expensive for a restaurant like his. His response was, "I guess you haven't eaten in a restaurant lately." well, Wally, no way am I stepping back in yours.
The first time that I went into this place I thought that it was okay. I did not feel like it lived up to the rave reviews but it was good enough to bring me back to enjoy some food and drink with an old friend.  That time I had ordered their shrimp cocktail while I waited for my friend to arrive, I was starving! As I was eating, the owner (I assume) came up to introduce himself and asked if I live in the area (most of the patrons do)...as I turned back towards the bar to eat my very last jumbo shrimp, the Katie Perry look alike grabbed my food and dumped it in the trash! She never even asked if I was finished. I asked her if she decided that I was done eating and then she asked if I wanted another shrimp from the kitchen but I felt awkward at that point and told her no. She still brought me one lonely shrimp on a huge plate with no cocktail sauce. The sauce is what makes the shrimp cocktail. My friend and I then ordered their spinach dip.  The dip was brought out and as the plate was lowered to the bar, my chips were sliding off onto the bar and she just scooped them back on to the plate. I personally was not thrilled about that. I scooped some spinach up on to my dirty chip, blew on it a little and took a bite. This dip was the hottest (heat wise) thing that I have ever had in my mouth. I would compare it to biting the rack in a broiler.  I was never warned that they heat their dip up so hot. I guarantee the work of a microwave! I burned myself so bad that my mouth was peeling and bleeding. It took over a week of peroxide rinses, colloidal silver rinses and salt water rinses to heal my mouth. My mouth is actually scarred inside! This burned me so terribly that my teeth were sore, my jaw hurt and even my sinuses on that side of my mouth hurt. When I stopped in to tell the brunette bartender about my burn and I advised that they should warn people about how hot they make it, she replied with "Well, don't scarf your food down, let it cool first." Totally rude, offensive and bad customer service with a reply like that. That same night that I burned my mouth, my friend was using their hot sauce to spice up her chip and the bartender came over and started twisting the lid back on without asking if she was done and my friend had to stop her from taking it away. She clearly has issues with letting people finish their meal. When it came to the bill she had to ask us how many drinks we had because she wasn't keeping track... It seriously was not a lot of drinks to keep track of either. I think this place would be OK if it wasn't for this bartender. I did order a salad on a separate occasion (when I warned her about the hot dip) and that proved to be disappointing as well, way too much dressing and she kept giving me a hard time for not drinking during my work hour. Booooooo!!!
Stopped in during happy hour for a light bite and a drink. Sat at the bar and ordered a glass of their house Cab. With one other person at the bar, you'd think the service would be reasonable. The only other time I saw the bartender was when my glass was empty. I ordered another thinking she'd offer me a menu at least...never happened!! So I paid requested my bill and went somewhere else to eat. Btw, my bill for 2 glasses of "house" wine during happy hour was more than $15!!! Other servers appeared to be much more customer-focused.
We wanted to like Wally's as we live close and like to eat out often. But we have gone there a few times now and we have not had a good experience.  The food is ok, but the service and ambience leave a lot to be desired.  We like to sit at the bar to keep it simple, but the bartender couldn't wait for the night to end. A. request for water was ignored, as well as just ignoring us in general.  We looked around and the servers seemed to be staring at customers hoping they would just leave.  No one greeted us coming in, and true to form, no one thanked us on our way out.  We like to eat out and we prefer to stay close to home, but we will travel farther to go to a restaurant that wants our business.
This place is a joke if they think they compare to any sort of respectable wine bar. If this comment offends you, feel free to pull down your pants and start crying now. After looking over what I would consider the 'Cliffs Notes' version of a wine list (BS on calling yourself a wine cellar), we chose a bottle of the ONEHOPE Red Cab. I was happy to learn that half the proceeds went to the cure for Autism until i realized that the waitstaff could have used the money, as they all had some special needs of their own. In an attempt to move past the mediocre start to the evening we moved on to the food menu.  The TomatoBasilMozzarella bruschetta had no basil (wtf), the Orzo and Shrimp starter lacked the red onion it so desperately needed to be a success and who in their right mind serves their pizza on oversized crackers Just because you throw something 'fancy' on the menu like duck confit doesn't mean you have a license to lack on quality. Thankfully the music became the highlight of the evening. If it weren't for the 2-man, live band playing a lively rendition of MyGirl in the corner, I don't know if we would have survived the evening ;)
I am the co-organizer of a Meetup.com group comprised of African women. My group organizer and me found a website listing 2013 dates for free wine tasting. I called the bar to confirm the days of the week and time for wine tasting about two months before the event was posted. The day of the event, I called as instructed before with the total number of attendees. There were fifteen in our group that day. Soon after arrival,  I asked the waitress when the wine tasting going to start. The waitress told me the days of the wine tasting were held during the week. Of course, a wine tasting was not schedule for the day the Group visited the My Wine Cellar.The owner, an Asian woman came over and shared with me and members of the group, "...You should have called... did you find the information about the wine tasting on my website....." This was the extent of the owner's response until I found the website with the information about the wine tasting on my smart phone. The owner looked at the website. I pointed out the information on this site was more recent in publication than The Wine Cellar website. She responded again with the same statements as before and walked away. The feedback from the group was consistent. Members of the group as well as myself were irritated at the owner indifference. The owner was aware of the information out there about her company language used... thus response, "Did you find the information about the wine tasting on my website.....". The waitress was very helpful and apologized, the owner did not. The owner put the blame on me... "You should have called. I have been an organizer of a Meetup group and I called before..." I did.A member of the group went to the owner to share her dismay at the indifference. One of the owners replies from the conversation included, "So tell me... what do you want for free..." Yup! Nice! The owner sent over a bucket of wine with no glasses. We ended up using water glasses that were left at the table from when we were first seated. We were there for two hours making the best the situation. The average bill ranged from $15 to $60. The group will not come back to The Wine bar. This review will be posted everywhere it can be posted. By the way the food was okay and the drinks prices average.
I really, really wanted to like this place. We've given it 3 shots but our experience has been consistent. The first time we stopped in for dinner on a busy evening and sat on the patio. We really enjoyed our wine and tapas meal but our server was incredibly inattentive and we had to chase her down every time we wanted anything. I brushed that off to a really busy night so we returned for a second visit. This time it wasn't that busy so we enjoyed a nice bottle of wine and food. Again, a really inattentive server. When we wanted to check out we literally had to go find her. 3rd try - stopped in for a glass of wine in the early evening. Unfortunately the 3rd visit was the worst. I asked the server if they had happy hour specials and she informed me that yes and we had just made it with 10 minutes left. When we were ready to order we couldn't find her anywhere so went to the bar hoping to make the happy hour deadline. She then came to the table and took our order. 30 seconds later she comes back telling us "Sorry, you missed the cut-off for happy hour".....yeah, we missed it because you never came back! Grrrr......We received our wine and waited for our food (we only ordered two really simple appetizers)...and waited....and waited. No one came by so we went up to the bar again to ask about our food. When our server came back she said sorry but our deep fryer broke today and we had to run out to Kohl's and buy a little fryer and that big table was ahead of you. Seriously It's bad enough that they are cooking with a Fry Daddy but never never tell your customers something like that.  After 40 full minutes we received our appetizers, our wine glasses empty. No, she didn't ask if we wanted another glass. She then came back to tell us that her shift was over but no worries, that other girl will take care of you. "That other girl" never came by....ever. We had to go up to the bar once again and ask for our check. I fully expected a discount because of the fiasco but no. Not even an apology. So I told them our experience and the manager came over. She said she was happy to take off one appetizer. Great. Except she talked a little too long about all the problems they were having in the kitchen today. So we waited for our revised bill....and waited....and waited. Are you kidding me We had to go up to the bar to get the check. It's a nice little wine bar with pretty good food but 3 strikes and you are out. We will not return here. Very unfortunate for us and them.
Horrible service.  The brushetta was cold and it took them 40 mins to bring it out.  The manager that wanted to discuss the problem with was very confrontational.
The food was great but the service is some of the worst I've ever experienced. The manager, Samantha, really needs a lesson in customer service. Completely rude!
A bit frustrated as we drove all the way over here to meet some friends. Our friends were at the bar waiting for us but there was a lady at the door not allowing us in because they someone was having a 'rehearsal dinner.' They put a sign on the front door, 'we've reached maximum capacity' and that was just tacky. If you're having a private party or special event, turn off the OPEN sign and put a sign up that says Private Event Tonight.
This restaurant has so much potential, but the night I was there it didn't impress me, or my party.I was at the restaurant, upstairs, with about 13 people and it was a bad experience.1. The food was not as nice as it was expected to be. It looked like something you could have made right at home.2. There were gnats flying around everywhere3. Several of our food orders got mixed up, and it took forever for us to get our food.Now, I would understand if the place was packed, but we were the ONLY party at the restaurant at the time!Sorry, Shiloh...I hope you improve and grow to your potential!
Have no idea if the food is any good. Waited for 10 minutes in the bar without even a hello. The place was busy but no packed.  Really, greeting a customer isn't that hard. Walked out and no one said a word. So much for my first dining experience in Pittsburgh.
I took my friend there for Sunday brunch today, and it was one of the worst brunches I've ever had in Pittsburgh.  Very limited selection of foods and what was on the buffet was cold and unappetizing.  Very sad excuse for a buffet brunch.  The corn muffins were dry and crunchy.  The fresh fruit on the buffet consisted of sections of red grapefruit and oranges.  There were no fresh veggies, no multigrain anything, no pasta salads, nothing at all interesting or healthy.  And the decaf coffee was horrible -- burnt tasting.  The only redeeming things were the made-to-order omelet station and the alcoholic drink that was included in the $14.99 price.   I felt badly that this is where I celebrated my friend's birthday.
Food quality is poor.
Wanted to make a reservation for 14 people on a Thursday night. Called on Wednesday and they wanted my credit card so they could charge me $10 a person if we didn't show. My response, "That's fine. But if I need to cancel in the morning, I won't be charged, right" Nope, they'll charge me. Awful.
Wow I'm surprised to see all the good reviews after my terrible experience here today!  The food left something to be desired and our waiter only came around about every 30 minutes causing the awful experience to drag on forever.  The menu is funny, which is great.  However it doesn't describe the food very well.  I ended up ordering a chicken quesadilla only to find it was made with mozzarella cheese and had mushrooms all through it.  It smelled and tasted like pizza rather than a quesadilla.  Thankfully the waiter saw me trying to dig the mushrooms out (one of my least favorite foods unfortunately) and offered to get me something different.  I ended up getting a chopped salad which was mediocre... I guess I had already soured on the place at that point.  Our appetizer, the Britney Spears, was good though!  The place is nice.  It just seems like they are trying a little too hard and unfortunately missed the mark for me.
Let me begin by saying I used to be a huge fan of this place.   Today after many visits I'm saying those is my last.   In the past year or two has gone downhill.   Two years ago I would have readily given them 5 stars.If you do decide to go here, ask for Miles or Brian's sections.  They're two of the best!Food is cold, portions have shrunk and some members of the wait staff just don't care.If you want to try this place, goto their other location (Harris Grill) instead.  They are still 5 star and live up to my expectations.    I think the management here at Shiloh is the difference!
I used to come here five years ago when I was in college and I had a lot of great memories. The food was never extraordinary but they had a few good dishes. However, I went back recently and was extremely disappointed. I had been looking forward to their jerk chicken wings and they are now using a new sauce that doesn't have nearly as good of definition or flavor. They brought all of our food out at once (appetizers, soup, salads, main dishes) and some of it was cold. This happened because our waitress was sweeping the floor for ten minutes when our food was up. Generally the only items we had that were good was the house salad and the sweet potato fries. The chicken chili had potential but it was barely warm. To boot the restaurant was not very clean when we were there. The bathroom smelled, both toilets were clogged, and there was no toilet paper. All in all, I had high expectations and was disappointed.
My husband and I went to Fuel and Fuddle based purely on the fact that it was open late and we were starving after our movie.  The thought that first struck me when I arrived was that the floor was covered in trash; dirty napkins, straws, french fries, and who knows what else.  We were seated at a small table and the backs of the booth seats were cinder blocks--not comfortable at all.  Then we were handed sticky menus, which prompted the use of hand sanitizer after handling.  When I asked the waitress for recommendations she basically said everything on the menu was great (definitely hard to believe).  As for the food, my husband ordered a margheritta pizza, which came out burnt to a crisp on one side but otherwise was fairly good.  I ordered the nachos, which were covered in burnt cheese, huge chunks of unripe tomatoes, a few black olives and half a carton of sour cream.  Both entrees looked very unappealing; I ate about four nachos before pushing the plate aside.  Out of the entire disastrous evening, the service gets the prize for very worst.  After the food arrived we never saw our waitress again and waited twenty minutes for our check.  My husband finally had to get up to look for her and found her texting in the back.  We ended up not leaving a tip, a definite first for us.  If your looking for a late night bite to eat, do yourself a favor and go across the street to Primanti Brothers.
Avoid! Now I know why all of the positive reviews said great late night place. You need to have a drunken buzz to enjoy the food. We were 0 for 4 on dinners. BBQ chicken pizza crust was burned and lacked flavor. The pulled pork was dried out, tough and lacked taste. Buffalo Mac n cheese was too thick tasted like they just dumped Frank's Red Hot Sauce in. Lastly, the jerk chicken was too jerky. Waitress took our order and didn't check on us or offer to get more drinks.
I had previously gone to this restaurant a few years ago. Since then, they have changed the decor and the menu.  Apparently, they have also changed how they treat their diners.  The waiter was very slow and he didn't really try to help us make a decision or describe any dishes that we asked about.  I ordered the chicken soup as an appetizer - it was okay, although the broth tasted like beef broth.  My husband ordered the parmesan salad, which he liked.  I ordered the filet for dinner - it was incredibly salty and the portion was very small for the money we paid.  I'd much rather eat at the White Chocolate Grill - their filet is 10000000 times better.  My husband ordered the halibut (suggestion from waiter) and it was overcooked.  He told him it was overcooked. He offered to get a new one, but my husband said it was so bad he didn't want another one.  Here's the kicker... he only had 2 bites (yes, 2 bites) and they charged us for his meal!  When I asked the waiter if he'd made a mistake, he looked at me like I made the mistake.  He did remove it after I further explained that he didn't eat it (that was obvious), but without apology.  The manager NEVER came by to see what the issue was - not when the food was returned or when we had the issue with the check.  I would NEVER go to this restaurant again.  We are local and there were several tourists there - one couple was playing cards they had been waiting so long!  Skip The Grill and drive 3 minutes down to the White Chocolate Grill.
Is it possible to go below 1 star Seafood, even in Arizona, shouldn't be this bad. Soup was cold, scallops smelled like they'd been rotting in transit from the ocean and the lobster tasted almost as good as overcooked styrofoam. The saffron had a hint of dirt flavor. I was embarrassed for the chef. I've never walked out on a meal until eating at the grill.
One of my worst dining experiences.  Way overpriced, service is pleasant but inept, and the restaurant fudged our credit card bill after we signed and submitted it.  They should revamp the entire management and kitchen staff if they want to continue with their high prices and the prestige of the Princess Resort.  Do not waste your money here on a meal.  Get a drink and then head out somewhere else for a decent meal.
I gave the bartender a $1 tip for a single $4 drink for a total of $5. Closed my tab signed the receipt and then I see on my credit card statement a week later a $15.00 charge. The bartender added a extra 1 to make his tip $11 on a $4 drink so now I have to go through the trouble of getting my credit card company to file fraudulent chargers paperwork and not pay them. I had a good time while I was there and good drinks with good species but now all that is ruined!
I like to support local business and was excited to try this spot.  I have been seeing the NOW Groupon for a few months and finally decided to buy it  ($6 for $12) and check it out.  I read the fine print and there was nothing that limited to dine in, so I came in ordered 2 coffees and 2 deserts.  When I was ready to pay and said I wanted to use the Groupon the cashier said no, its for dine in only.  When I tried to explain that the it didn't say that, she got snippy, said something about the owner and refused to honor the Groupon.   And her attitude was less than friendly after that.  So here is the scoop...Ground Control could have had a new customer, I go to paradise bakery about once a week for coffee and a bite, and I would have spent the $6 on the Groupon, plus another $8 since my check added up to $20....but now I will NEVER go back.. I will warn others about the misleading nature and bad attitude and hopefully see a different business in that spot in the months to come.  SHAME on you Ground Control!   Not to mention the coffee really wasn't that great.
I went to Ground Control for the first time last night and I was unimpressed. The food was pretty good but the service stinks. They need some mature staff who can take care of their patrons, not the young kids playing kissy face with their girlfriend at the bar.  The cheeseboard for $14.00 was less than impressive with a couple of slices of cheese and a few nuts and dates. I think I will pass next time.
Decided to check out Ground Control last night based on a reviews on AZ Central as one of the best wine bars.. I totally disagree.  Service was terrible, one person I particular was rude when we interrupted time with his girlfriend.  Had to ask for water, plates, napkins, check, etc.  The wine was decent as well as a couple of appetizers. But pass on the cheese board...  3 small slices for $14. I was looking forward to the European concept but in Europe, they are more helpful and friendly...
The first time I went to Ground Control, the service wasn't the best, the baristas (sp) weren't very welcoming and the breakfast food wasn't very good either. I decided to give it another chance, and l have no future plans to go back. Stay far away from the chicken salad as we found an unwelcome visitor mixed in with ours. So unless you like to eat bug sandwiches I'd steer clear from this place.
This owner also runs Ground Control in Verrado, my suggestion is to STAY AWAY. Poor service.  Poor food
Went in with friends for lunch.  Was greeted warmly and seated.  Server, although friendly, did not know the menu at all.  When I inquired about the "brushcetta" my correct pronunciation was quickly corrected and she proceeded to describe it as "it's just bread...".Servers need to be better educated on menu and descriptions.  Menu was an odd mixture with no continuity.  The "grilled peach and feta salad" was really a steak salad with canned peaches.  The salad was terrible.  The cherry tomatoes were old and wrinkled, the dressing so-so, and the mixed greens weren't dressed completely, like the cook ran out of dressing for all the salads ordered.  The raspberry bagel that was ordered was really a cinnamonraisin.  Ordered lemon in our water, but was told there were no lemons.  Understandably, this was a soft opening but first impressions do count.  I would not return here based on the food, and unknowledgeable  servers.  Chalkboard menu needs better descriptions.  And please, if you offer grilled anything, make sure it's fresh, and make sure it's grilled.  Eliminate the canned food.
A neighbor and I went for lunch today.  Where do I start  Greet by "hostess" was less than lukewarm.  Server was very pleasant, friendly.  Establishment was filthy.  Since it was empty (us and two other tables) at lunchtime, the food on the floor had to be leftover from days past.  There was construtction "stuff" all over the place.  Tables had to be bought at a second hand store.  Decent menu choices.  We shared an appetizer of the huge portion of fries which were good, but clearly from the bottom of the bag of frozen fries.Will we ever go back.  no way   We were planning our next Girls' Lunch Out there.  no moreI might add that we both had salads.  One salad was swimming in dressing while the other had none.  The one salad was supposed to be a goat cheese.  MAYBE there was a tablespoon of goat cheese.The spelling on the menu was atrocious.  Even the blackboard had misspelled words.
Cricket in my coffee. Service sucks. They say open at 7 but not "ready" to serve until 8. Do NOT recommend!!
First time trying and will probably be the last time EVER. I came in and ordered a panini togo. After 5 minutes of ordering they tell me they ran out of turkey so they will give me chicken, how the heck can you run out of something when it was in the morning, not even the afternoon nor was it busy. the restaurant had about two tables, so I was hopeful the kitchen would finish my food under ten minutes. I was wrong it took about 25 minutes to get my sandwich. Not only did it take forever, they just handed me a box when it was done. Do they not have bags wheres my fork for my salad wheres my napkins The food, was nothing special, had a box full or arugula and a mediocre sandwich.. Maybe I'm just being picky..  but it was such a horrible experience I really did have high hopes...If you want good sandwiches, FRESH desert, and good drinks; I suggest going to Sugar and Spice down the road they have never failed me.
FIRST -- As I browse the reviews I can't help but wonder why this place has not done something about the awful, horrible, ridiculously lousy service The food and coffee are decent and the atmosphere, albeit a bit cluttered, is nice -- good for conversation or for work. But for the love of God, WHAT are you trying to be A coffee house A wine bar Beer connoisseurs Pick something and be really, really good at it because this place has bits and pieces of being good, but doesn't have it all together.Again, back to service because for me that is just such a huge part of dining out. I simply cannot get over how horrible it was -- probably the worst I've ever had. There is no pinnacle of food greatness that could ever be reached that would make me overlook rude wait staff.
Terrible service. Our waiter was offensive and bad at serving the drinks the customer ordered
One of the worst service in Montreal.....No smile, no help...on top of that they know almost nothing about beer. I ask for some tasting notes on a season, the answer was "oh it's a season", vey helpful....Don't go unless you know your beer and don't tip !
Below par diner food. Fried zucchini is all breading and no zucchini. Anything fried always comes dripping in grease, I know, I know it's diner food but it doesn't have to be so greasy it makes you physically ill. I'm a big fan of blt's and there's is pretty poor. Small portion with very little meat and dry bread.Besides the food, the service is so so. Last time I was in I asked for a lemonade and the waitress forgot it, asked for mayo and there was none on my sandwich, and this was on a slow dayWith eat n park down the street and Pamela's not too far away it seems you have much better places to get you're grub on. I'm giving it one star because I can't see myself ever coming back or recommending the place to anyone else.
I've given this place enough 2nd chances and have had my last meal at this DIVE.Food is mediocre at best and you can't get any service because the wait staff is always outside having a cigarette. Very unappetizing to watchthem and the cook smoking then come back inside and NOT WASH THEIRHANDS. DISGUSTING !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Guy's Jumbot Plate O'Crap - Made a special trip in with my son this morning to enjoy the food at the Dor-Stop.We both made the same order Guy's Jumbot. When the order arrived mine was over cooked , the egg portion resembled the dry pressed paper used in the egg carton. My serving was served without cheese. My son's was fine. When I went to pay and said something I got a vacant stare and I am so sorry. I ended up with a take out for my dog to eat. teh toast was perfect though. I started makeing this hour long trek with family members about a year ago. We would come out about every 4-6 weeks. The last two trips the quality has started to slip a little...but never to this extent that it really mattered.Save yourself the effort ....This is not a Diner, this is not a drive-in...this does not even rank high enough to be a Dive. Denny's would be a better choice.
For what it's worth, dor-stop isn't good as people say it was. People are fanatical about this place and its food. Is their food really tasty or they're popular because the network show From my perspective, I detest their service, the service is notoriously horrible and unacceptable. Also the food was unpalatable. I order pumpkin flavor pancakes and side order scramble eggs. I was too full and their portion is huge so I left two pieces of pancakes. The waitress don't even bother to ask me if I need a box to take it home or if everything is good. Although she did refilled my coffee once, I barely see her stop by and there wasn't too many people in the diner is isn't likely she is occupied by that amount of customers.I think the waitress was rude because she never say thank you during the entire breakfast even when I tipped her. I should have known, I just feel like they treated me differently that's all. This review is based on my dinning experience and the service. Seriously if they mean business they should improve. Especially waitress was lack of enthusiasm. Do I want to come back Never ever.
I really, really wanted to try Dor - Stop, but it wasn't open when I went! My wife and I woke up early just to go there, and the diner was closed for the next few days, EVEN THOUGH IT DIDNT SAY THAT ON THE WEBSITE! Such a waste of time. If you're going to go, make sure you call ahead, just so you don't get screwed over like we did.
Pancakes, pancakes, pancakes.  Everybody told me I HAD to try and their pancakes.Well, the short stack they served me were lousy pancakes.
I've only been here after 2 AM, and it's always been a flaming trainwreck of an experience.I've had to figure out if the waitresses were doing this as a halfway house job, I've had staff members not apologize while picking pieces of steel wool and green plastic scrubber out of my food, and I've witnessed an armed robbery.  The food is decent, for the hours they're open.  Try Tom's Diner or Eat 'n Park instead.  Heck, go to a grocery store instead.
Worst food in Pittsburgh. That's all. I have been there twice, never my choice, I had tummy ache both times. I think the food is boring. Don't get me wrong, I have no problem with non-gourmet food, but Ritter's, is just "blah". It also was an unclean feel at times when you are seated and you look around. They are cash only also. That doesn't both me at Pamelas, because the food is oh so delish. Here, you are just wasting you apetite on food that has TONS of rooms for improvement.
I live off of Liberty Ave and everyone kept telling me I needed to try this place, so after 4 months I did.  When my wife and I walked in I thought, this place doesn't look too bad, actually kinda cool.  WRONG!  After being seated it probably took 5 minutes for the waitress to come over and another 5 minutes for our coffee to get to the table.  Our food took about 45 minutes, which is absolutely ridiculous for standard breakfast, but I though, everyone thinks this place is great, I guess I can wait for perfection. The food gets to our table, it looks good, it looks like breakfast, but it is cold, well mine was cold.  So I'm sitting at the table, empty coffee, cold breakfast and quite pissed off, because of the situation and I'm hungry.  Finally after about 10-12 minutes the waitress comes by and asks how everything is, I tell her my food is cold, and I'm fine and don't need another plate, we had already been there over an hour, we had placed to go, ya know.When the waitress brings the bill over she doesn't just tell me she took my food off, she says, I figured I would take the food off even though you didn't ask (really  should I have to).Wife's food was hot, but she thought it to be just average breakfast.I never want to go back, but I will, because I always give places another shot.Terribly slow service (server was very nice though, probably home from college), and food took forever.  I doubt this place puts out cold food on a regular basis, because this place wouldn't be so packed and highly regarded.
This was some of the worst food I've ever had.  If this is someone's idea of nostalgia, nostalgia is a term I'd like to forget, and the reality is more like nausea.  Their greek soup (tasted like Campbell's chicken noodle flavored with lemon) and nasty lamb gyro douched with cucumber dressing will likely haunt me as long as I live.  For anyone looking for a good nostalgic diner experience, i can't make a recommendation because I've yet to experience one, but at least in this case, leave the past where it belongs.
People call it "Critters" for a reason.The two times I've been there I was unhappy.  It's cheap, but the food is also gross and you don't get much of it (thank goodness!).  Very small toast, cold hard pancakes, and adequate dippy eggs was what I received last time I went.  Oh, cash only too.
Ummm, we're pretty sure my boyfriend got food poisoning here. That was the last thing we had eaten for hours, and the next morning he DEFINITELY had eaten something bad after waking up... yikes.
Don't get me wrong, the foods great, but when there's only a handful of booths full it shouldn't take an hour and a half to get breakfast. If you get to the point that you'd rather leave and go to McDonalds just so you can eat something it's too long of a wait.
How does this place even stay in business. It's disgusting. The food is crap. Everything is filthy. All the waitresses look like crackheads. They screwed up a club sandwich & fries. How is that even possible  It deserves negative stars for sucking so badly.
I took my family of 7 here on sunday 119. We arrived at 11AM and by 1:20 we had not received our food. This is after ordering over and hour ago. We noticed the table around us received their food even though they had been seated after us. The waitress was very nice and said she was sorry for the wait several times. I finally asked to see the mgr, who I assume is the owner. He finally came to our table and after I explained the situation to him all he did was said that he really cares about his customers and if he made all his customers wait this way he wouldn't have any customers then he walked away. He did nothing to compensate us for the long wait. I go here because it is convenient for everyone. The food is just so so. Well this will be my last visit. I understand everyone can have a slip up but it is how they handle it to make the customer feel better. Ritters gets a Failing Grade in this category and an OK for the food.
I just got back from dinner with my family at the old place and I can't emphasize enough my disappointment. The service was poor. Our waitress was a nice gal who was working hard, she simply had too many tables because the place was woefully understaffed. Our drinks weren't refilled in a timely manner and she was usually too busy to check on us. I had to go and find her a few times to get things that were missed. I don't mind paying the high prices of the old place if the food is good. Unfortunately the food was a let down. Four of us ordered the French onion soup. The soup was so salty it was rendered uneatable. The steak was good, but the baked potato was so dry I thought it left over from lunch. My daughter ordered the fettuccine Alfredo and it was quite bland. Everything else we ordered was just ok. To sum it up, our meal was mediocre at best and we were all disappointed. Not one person on our party of seven really enjoyed their meal. I express my dissatisfaction with our waitress and she informed me that she would write my complaints in a book they kept. That was it. I left with the feeling that they were happy that they got my money and that they did not really care that my family's dinner was poor. They made no effort to make it right and they made no effect to ease my displeasure. This will be my last family dinner at the old place. I will take my business to a place that has better food and a place that values it's customers.
Stopped here on a business trip for some breakfast, and ugh, what a disappointment.  I ordered a Western Omelette that was just completely destroyed by imitation cheese.  I really hate when places don't list that they use fakeimitationcrap cheese in their meals, since to me they taste completely terrible and ruin the entire meal.  I was in a hurry in this particular occasion or I would've asked for another plate, and painfully ate as much as I could tolerate, which ended up being about half the omelette.  What added insult to injury was when I tried to save my taste buds by washing down the fake cheese with the Orange Juice I ordered, that I discovered immediately to be from concentrate, and clearly tasted as such.What a complete and utter disappointment, it really shows that this place has no pride in their service, and will take any and all shortcuts to make a quick buck.  STAY AWAY!
I didnt want to give them one star but didnt have a choice. Not good service at all went in on a saturday morning around 10 a.m got seated they didnt take our drink order just sat us with the menu. waited about 20 mins saw the waitress a couple of times never made eye contact with us then finally after 30 min of no drinks or any contact we got up and left manager was no where to be found.
Got a key lime pie from this place. It was horrid. Icing was stale cake thick, crust was not even crunchy or had taste, and the key lime was weak. Pie looked it it was sitting out for a day or 2.
Read my first review... loved this place... Today I stopped in to look around,my niece was with me and I remembered that they had help wanted postings somewhere.. she inquired and the teenage girl behind the counter was SO rude, full on glaring and rolling of the eyes! NO JOKE. I wish that the manager had been in but hopefully she keeps track and knows what her counter staff is like when she is gone! I will go to party Cake shop from here on...There are too many great places to put up with attitude!
Pastries are nice but I bought a cake for my sisters bridal shower and they PUT THE WORDING ON THE CAKE INCORRECTLY! it was a Saturday and "could not call a baker in to fix it so they could refund me the cake and just take this one, go somewhere else to buy a new cake, or try to fix the writing ourselves and just remove the word that was INCORRECT." I spent hours on the phone with the manager and she was not very helpful or empathetic to the situation.  I then went to go pick up another cake for my sister for her husbands birthday and THE CAKE TOPPLED OVER IN THE BOX IN THEIR OWN FRIDGE!  I asked the lady if this happens often and she goes nope your just "special".  Being really rude about it.  They patched the cake up and THEN showed me the cake and THERE WAS A WOODEN STAKE IN THE CAKE to "keep it together".  I then said that there is a hole in the cake now and the counter lady said, "Just smooth the hole over with your finger a little bit." The counter girls are always rude.  I honestly think they don't like me because they are nice to everyone else but myself. But if I would suggest I would NOT go here.
We were having a Gender Naming Party for our first baby and we were excited to share this moment with friends and family. When we went to pick up our cake we were extremely disappointed in the way the staff handled our order. The mother to be on picking up the cake found out the gender of the baby! Without her husband! This was supposed to be a surprise at the party but it was on the receipt. How terrible! They knew when we placed the order that this was supposed to be a secret. When confronted with their error they were dismissive, condescending, and there was no effort to compensate her for her pain in finding out the gender at the bakery. We have done wedding cakes here, and many special events over the years. Never again!! Potomac Bakery you should be ashamed.
A while back my Mom bought some donuts from here and they were really stale by the next day.  She called and mentioned something about it to them and they didn't even seem to care.  I like to try and support local business but with an attitude like they showed I have no use for them.  Doesn't seem to be any real set hours so you never know when they will be open.
Recently was in the Bloomfield area and thought I would stop by for a donut.  I ordered a long john which looked pretty good.  Unfortunately it wasn't.   I am pretty sure they simply took a hot dog bun and fried it, then put icing on top.  I ate maybe a bite or two before offering it to a coworker.  So many great bakeries in Pittsburgh so I would not go back.
Horrible beer, horrible service, horrible menu
My friends got everyhing from steak(they didn't even get a well done steak right) to mahi tacos and the only great menu item was the seasoned vegetables- give it a miss. Sing sing next door is awesome but get dinner somewere else. After we were done the waiter asked if we were ready for the checks and I had ordered meal that came with a desert! Really dissapointing all around.
For a brewery who is attempting to take advantage of Oktoberfest you wonder how at 7 pm they could be out of mashed potatoes & sauerkraut then a sausage platter with sweet mustard guess they have not been to Germany. Not worth $5.95 unfortunately the sausage platter was $15.95.
Came with my BF we started with the crab artichoke dip. It was very greasy and had virtually no crab. The wedge salad was good and crisp. I had the hazelnut crusted chicken. This has to be one of the worst dishes I've ever had it was like pancake syrup over breaded chicken. To finish the meal we had the homemade chocolate chip cookies served with hot fudge. Well there was no hot fudge it was chocolate syrup the ice cream was so crystallized from melting and re-freezing all around disappointing.
Poor service and food. I waited 20 minutes at the bar for someone to just acknowledge my presence. They finally brought my food out and left it without asking for me to pay.... So I had to wait an additional 15 minutes to find someone to pay. Yes, I had to TRY and give them money.On to the important part... Food was terrible. I had a burger and it was pathetic.
Be careful. The servers can't pay attention to save their lives, and the management cares even less. I want to make sure people know how careless the management is, particularly Mark who seems to let his staff run around.
Our tour guide was the worst tour guide I've ever had. I've been on many brewery tours and grains do not get their flavor from being in honey or dipped in chocolate. Many of us realized she was completely clueless. The number of uhs, ums, and ahs overwhelmed me. At least 21 in one room of the tour. I had to stop counting for my own sanity. By the end, most people had stopped listening or began to have their own conversation. It's unfortunate for a place to lose customers due to their tour especially when they have good beer. I'd love my money back but I doubt I'd get it.
I have to say i'm quite saddened that i had to choose 1 star; as i was so looking forward to finding a new fav along Camelback rd. my sister and i headed to Rosie Mc Caffreys (sp), but turned off at SunUp Brewing Co. by default; we had to stop in because we were both starved and the menu offered Corned Beef and cabbage, plus we still had about 6 streets to go. we stepped inside to a "please wait to be seated" sign, so we waited, and waited (as several wait staff passed and looked our way without even a nod of acknowledgement) for about 5 minutes. finally our server approached us and offered inside or patio (we chose patio of course!) she was very nice at first seating and asked for our drink order. since neither of us partake in the appreciation for micro brews, we chose raspberry ciders. we were happy. the crowd was sparse-but present. the weather was fabulous. it was a weird set-up with 3 small rooms (patio in between both) and no room to turn around. there was no reason our server should have been perturbed; other than having to maneuver around tables inside, as she hardly had tables. none the less, when she returned with our beers, she plopped them down hard on the table and stormed off. the beers were served lukewarm but we tried to drink them anyways. she returned a few minutes later for our order. since it was a toss up between the Corned beef and cabbage & the Fish n chips, i asked the servers opinion, inquiring if the corned beef was sliced thin, of to which she replied "it isn't sliced thin"-but it was sliced thinner than a nickel, plus the meal wasn't even served with bread or butter; but back to the ordering....after she took our order, i asked her for 2 cold pint glasses; since the beers were warm (only the bottle was slightly cold). she brought back glasses with ice and straws, pounced them on the rod iron table and went on to tell me why micro brews aren't served in cold pint glasses, saying she didn't have any chilled pint glasses because this is a micro brewery. it wasn't until after her lecture on the creation of beer, that i explained that even if there is a right way to serve-some people do request chilled pints. i explained that i wasn't a beer afficionado, i just wanted to drink my beer the way it should be served "chilled" she gave me attitude, walked away and then returned with two cold pint glasses, pouncing them on the table as she uttered "here these are for our Root Beer" while she turned on her heels to run. the rest of the meal was pleasant, as she was hardly available. the only time i seen any of the female servers was when an assumingly wealthy man was spotted, that was when most of the servers would approach and hug them (much to close by restaurant standards) very tightly. however most tables around us were either taken by lesbians or hetero females so the ladies weren't hoovering around us too much.  we received the credit card bill to sign, which was also plopped off mid walkaway. the tables are patio tables with holes, so most people with common sense would prepare for the signing of the bill with a hard bottom of some sort, but not here! they are all consumed with the spotting of rich men and instructions for micro brewing that they don't have time to serve or be of assistance, so be prepared to either pay them upfront to be treated like a patron, or flash your directors card because they seem to think this is suddenly Scottsdale. on to the food. i tasted my sisters fish and chips and the homemade chips were soggy from the fish. the halibut was delicious although sister had to pull off all the breading, because it was as thick as an Indian popover. they did serve it with spicy ketchup which was surprisingly delicious. my corned beef cabbage was served paper thin, without bread or butter; but it was still very tasty. the red potatoes soft and the carrots & cabbage blanched to perfection. next time i'll just try sitting at the bar.
I loathe to write a bad review for one of my favorite hobbies, drinking craft beer, however; Sun Up is a brewing company that I feel the need to never visit again, nor would I recommend beer lovers to go out of their way to stop in.The majority of the beer was just plain boring, and warm to boot! They had a lager, wheat, amber, pale, oatmeal stout and a scottish red on draft.  None of the beer sampled tasted even close to what I would consider the fundamentals of that particular category, ie a very bitter amber ale and a sweet, and not-hoppy-whatsoever pale ale.  Even the root beer was flat and tasteless.  I initially was going to give this place two stars, mainly because they do serve beer, and the bartender was nice,  but thinking about the beer, I have to knock this down to one star.  Sorry Sun Up, but you need to go back to the drawing board and create some good, basic craft brew.
Awful service! Mediocre food... if it was what I ordered. The beer was OK but nothing great compared to other breweries around town. I really wanted to like this place, sadly disappointed. No one helped us when we walked in (they weren't busy) and our server kept forgetting about us to chat with dudes at the bar. When she messed up on our food she wasn't very graceful about it... and we still had to pay full price. It also took almost two hours, and we didn't make it to the plans we had afterward. It wasn't just our servers that was bad, the bartender was rude and so was another server. Won't go back... the owners really need to step in!
We were in town for some sunshine, and we were excited to check out the breweries around.  Went to Four Peaks and Papago and were very pleased with the service, food, and beer.  We hit up Sun Up the following day hoping for an equally pleasurable experience.  That couldn't have been further from reality...We got a sampler of their 6 regular brews as well as a sample of their 2 seasonals.  We had to choke down almost every one of them (the exception was their seasonal amber, which wasn't too bad but not worth ordering more than 4 oz of).  The waitstaff was not very friendly at all and seemed miffed that we didn't want food or more beer.  After chugging what beer I could and having a glass of water, I hit the restroom before leaving.  Wow.  Big mistake.  It smelled like an outhouse in there-- the "poo fermenting in the middle of summer but you've had to pee so bad after a 4 hour hike so you'll go anyway but hold your breath" kind of outhouse. Ick :PPerhaps I am biased because we are from Fort Collins and are spoiled with the likes of New Belgium, O'Dells, and Equinox all within a couple miles of our house.  However, the service and stinky bathrooms were bad enough that had their beer been phenomenal, I still would have just given this place 3 stars...maybe.If you're looking for good local beer, hit up Papago or Four Peaks instead and save your money (and beer belly) for something tastier!
We had two waitresses for our table of 8, each only did a section of the table but service was very bad. From our three drinks ordered, we only got two. It was pricey. We won't be coming back.
So many better breweries than this! Attempted to use a 50$ gift cert and was told (after I ordered beers ) that they could only be used in $15 increments once a year... I was still responsible for the beers because she had poured them. She conferred w mgmt, same response. I explained I don't live anywhere near there and would never use them again. Her response was "well.. You can always... Well... Uh, just give them away."  Great, I'm sure that was the intended use when a friend gave them to me for my birthday.  If the "mgmt" of a local place doesn't have the  sense to make it a worthwhile experience for their paying customer, then what is there to do Very disappointed in their service. Ps I've bartended before and never seen someone grab the ticket and then dunk it on top of the drink they have going out.  I witnessed this time and time again. She would grab and hold the ticket, then dunk into the top of the beer. The waitress would grab the beer and scoop out the ticket. Necessary No. I will not be back.
I went to this place about once a week with my roommate over the course of a year living here.  Always had a good experience with the exception of one girl there who has the personality of a mop.  I find it amazing that someone can see you dozens of times, even after waiting on you, will not even acknowledge your presence.  No head nod, no smile, just very unfriendly to the point of being rude.  Last night I went there for their anniversary with my roommate, and then another friend had joined me later on.  We ordered 2 chicken nachos from one girl.  After 20 minutes, I made mention that we still didn't have them.  Another girl said the order must have not made it to the kitchen.  Another 20 minutes had passed and I then told the bartender.  It took another 15 minutes on top of that.  Never ONCE did anyone bother telling me what happened.  No reason given.  Honestly, no one even gave a Sh*t either.  My buddy even commented on that after we left.  No one even cared.  Clearly the first person didn't put the order in.  The second..who knows.  No accountability what so ever!I won't be going back.  I"ve worked in the restaurant business before for 4 years.  Never has any restaurant I've eaten at or worked for not went out of their way to make up for an error on their part.  No free beer on the house, no discount for the next time, no free nachos, no half off the nachos, not even god damn apology!  I'll never recommend this place to anyone as I have in the past.  And I did so fairly often.
So Disappointed!We went for my birthday last night. They were 4 in our party. We arrived at 6:30pm we ordered a drink and a few items off the happy hour menu. The food off the happy hour menu was good.THEN WE ORDERED OUR MEAL, IT WAS AWFUL. We ordered BOURBONZOLA which was dry and tasteless, TUSCAN CHICKEN PASTA we sent it back to the kitchen because it looked like it had been sitting around for days and CHICKEN AVOCADO SANDWICH which was okay.  We will not be going back any time soon. They need to get a manager in there and get the place back in tip top shape because when we ate their 6 months ago it was good.  Just so you know our bill was over $160.00 and for that the food should have been outstanding.
Waited 25 mins for service then left.
I will not be returning.This is place used to have the best beer in town. I got their summer honey ale and it was bitter. Service was slow, spotty, and their classic mac & cheese recipe has been changes. It was a goopy mess that I did not finish.Everything has changed so much. I won't be returning.
For anyone who ate here before BJs bought out the chain, the quality has gone down tremendously. Burgers and fries just don't taste the way they used to. They're gross now and taste frozen. Will not go back!
The first time we went to Rock Bottom (how fitting a name), the hostess sat us next to a table with three screaming kids right next to where the servers enter and exit the kitchen. The waiter came by after a few minutes, took our drink order and then actually snatched the menus out of hands. He brought us our drinks and promptly walked away. The floor manager came by and we told her what happened. She reprimanded the waiter in front of us and gave us two discount cards for our next visit and comped our beers. The food wasn't great by any stretch of the imagination. So little so that I don't remember what we ordered.We decided to use our discount cards for a second trip. We were sat once again in a far corner by the kitchen. The waiter took our drink order and food order together and instead of bringing out our drinks and then our food, just waited until our food was done cooking to bring out the drinks as well. I ordered the lobster enchiladas which was about $18 (US) because on the menu it sounded tasty. On the plate it looked like a used deflated diaper. The enchiladas were TINY. I asked the waiter if that was what it was supposed to look like because it didn't look like $18 worth of food. The chef that made it came out with an attitude and said, "You should have asked about the portion before we wasted all that lobster." To which I responded, "What lobster There isn't a lobster tank in here which means you pulled it from a can." I have never been treated so rudely. The floor manager apologized however refused to defuse our anger because the previous manager comped our beers and gave us $20 off our next meal which he felt was more than kind enough a gesture.So if you want Rock Bottom quality food with Rock Bottom service at sky high prices then this is your stop. For those of you who read this review this far: NOT A WORD OF THIS HAS BEEN EXAGGERATED. We are never coming back here.Right across the parking lot are better places with better food on similar menus, The Keg, BJ's, and Wolfley's.
Went there to watch NFL game.   Food mediocre at best and service was awful.  The only thing that could have made our waiter less attentive was if he had the day off. Stay away.
Chicken over cooked, broccoli looked like a tree and required a steak knife just to cut it as well as the over done chicken. By the time the waitress came back to check on us I had already worked all the calories off sawing my broccoli tree and rubber chicken. Everytime we asked for something it took FAR too long to get what we asked her for. Then she brought our check and then after she brought the copy we were to sign the totals were totally different from the first to the second. Then she says... You get that straight Wth That's HER job to get that straight! Uggghhh... Just a bad experience all around. Well except the beer was good.
Man did this place suck.  Sunday night, dead as dead can be.  The only time we saw our waitress was to take our order and pick up my credit card.  We had to flag someone down in the middle of our meal to get some waters (which we never got)Food was sub par.  Avocado egg rolls were just deep fried guacamole.  It felt like I ate 2 avocados as an appetizer.  One minute after my first bite, we got our salads (now I'm feeling rushed) My wedge salad should have been called "Sliver Salad" or "Molehill Salad"  Not good.  Wife and I shared a pizza which was decent but nothing like the picture in the menu looked like.Truthfully, I would have returned all my dishes but there was no one to talk to.  I felt horrible for the table next to us.  They had triplets who couldn't have been older than 3.  They waited at least 15 minutes for the server to come up to them and another 15 minutes to get their drinks.My wife went to the bathroom and saw our waitress in there on the phone complaining to her friend about rent money.  She'd make that money if she focused on her tables.  We left her 10%.  I walked in planning on leaving her 50%.We'll never go back again.  What a shitty corporate establishment.My amber ale was good.
I know it's a chain restaurant. I know it's in a mall. I know i shouldn't expect more but, I do. I have gone to BJ's many times in California and had consistently good results. Last friday I took a friend and my nephew to eat here and were very disappointed. The service was bad, the food mediocre at best and the prices were no value. I can understand if it was busy and the wait staff was swamped. But when people are standing around and you still have to flag them down for everything from water to the check, inexcusable. Also I am not opposed to paying for food that worth it but, this BJ's I could not justify anything.
I'm not quite sure exactly how I feel about this place. I took my family (6 ppl) there for my adult sons birthday. The atosphere was great, the decor was very nice, but the service and the food, not so much.First we had been waiting so long for a table that my family started getting upset that there were families coming after us who were being seated before us and they were just coming in not waiting like we were. It was painfully obvious that the girl running the seating, was very inexperienced and they need someone with more experience. We were finally seated after about 45 minutes and were really looking forward to having a positive experience. Well, there is always hope. First the waitress was a bit sloppy and we felt rushed. I use to waitress, you never ever ever rush the people you're waiting on. Then it took about 10 minutes to get our drinks and the only people who recieved water were the people drinking alcohol. There use to be a time that they put in on your table the minute that you sat down.To make it short and sweet, the food. Waaaay over priced for what you get. The appetizers were just ok. Nothing to get thrilled over. My daughters fish was over cooked, the hawiian rice that it came with was too sweet, there was nothing balancing it out. My sons huge Black & Blue Burger had this little tiny bit of blue cheese on it. My giant baked patato cost over $8 and the toppings were hardly enough for a mini potato. About 5 minutes after I ordered it, I told the waitress that I had changed my mind and she told me that it was too late. Really too late to change my mind on a baked potato You have got to be kidding me.  I spent almost $200 and left disappointed, that should never happen.
We had guests visiting from California, so we decided to take them out to BJ's for dessert for their famous pizookie! What a horrible idea. Each one of us had it, and each one of us got sick. I mean sick like vomiting and diarrhea! Will never go back there again.
What is that smell! Just walked in, had to leave to throw up... Didn't make it past the hostess stand :
Stopped in around 4:30 today and sat in the bar area to get the HH deals.  After waiting at our high top table for about 15 minutes, a manager stopped over to see if we had been waited on.  We told him "no" and he ran off to grab some menus.  When he came back, he assured us one of his servers would be over right away to take our order.  Since it wasn't busy, we figured this would be true.  About another 10 minutes went by without being acknowledged by a single staff member, so we decided to leave.  We headed over to Firebirds, where we had exceptional service and excellent HH drinks.
I have visited this Bj's location twice in the last two weeks.  But each time I have visited there was no host at the door to greet me and or my campanion.  The employees seem to busy to say hello or even acknowledge it's customers.  It takes far to long to be greeted and or seated.  During my last visit I ordered a drink, deep dish pizza and asked for water.  However, in my hour and half visit the water never arrived and I was not offered a refill even though it was included.  The taste of the pizza was fair but seem to lack sauce.  So, I asked my hard to track down waiter about the sauce and he offered to bring a side of it to the table.  That was a nice gester, but it would have been nicer to dip my warm pizza into warm sauce instead of sauce that was very cold seeming to have come straight from the refrigerator.  I would not recommend this Bj's is you are looking for attentive service and hospitality.  They continue to fail in both of those areas.Sincerely,
Very sad service.. took 45mins too receive water and no help too order food. The waitress excuse was that she was the only working tables. No team help 3 guys was just talking with no care too help out.. the menu is like a book with very sticky pages way over price and I would never go back..
Although I was contacted by customer service and offered a gift card to return in hopes of a better experience - which of course I accepted - they never actually sent the gift card. It would have been better for them to never even offer, if they had no follow through plans. Now I not only had a less than impressive experience at the restaurant, but now I also have a poor impression of their corporate office as well.
Just had a terrible experience with the chubby kid with freckles.  Went to purchase a beer brewing kit that he tried to overcharge me on.  When I asked why my total was so high, he responds with it is higher in the system.  When asked about honoring the price that was clearly marked on the item, I was told that he "wasn't going to drop the price because of somebody's finger slip".  I chose not to buy the item and he was a total asshole to me with his genius responses such as "awesome man" and "fine with me".  Sounds like these people should reevaluate who they hire on.FYI: they work on at least a 100% markup (confirmed) so the "mismarked" price would have still been profitable by quite a bit.  I would have purchased if it wasn't for the pompous attitude of the staff.  Recommendation: do yourself a favor and find another shopsource
I don't know who the young fat guy is with the Mohawk is (who hasn't realized he's not in high school anymore), but he has drawn the last straw for this buyer. I have been in there four times now and dealt with him, and gotten nothing but snobbish attitude from him. Chuck, the owner, is always helpful, but unfortunately is not there a lot. The problem with home brewing, and buying supplies for such, is that occasionally you run into these people. They have all the knowledge and don't feel that they should share that knowledge with up and comers. That guy is exactly that type of person, and the one reason I will be going elsewhere from now on. Today he actually had the nerve to say "We don't recommend that, but if you want, we'll always make a sale." Very disappointed.They have all the supplies you could need for home brewing, and as long as you get Chuck or the other older guy you will be fine, and even have a great experience. That fat young guy is zero help and should be in an unemployment line with all the other delinquents.
So I had driven by the place and thought it looked pretty chill. I like finding unique places, especially when they brew their own brew. So I looked it up, and found that they were open until 2am, awesome! So a bunch of us tried to go last night. We showed up at 1am and despite the fact that they had big bold lettering "open 10am til 2am" on the front door - they were closed.I'm sorry I can't get behind a business that is going to close early without warning. If you are going to do that maybe don't put in large font on both your front door and your website that you are open until a certain time. Good luck trying to convince me to go there! No thank you.
Soooooo smokey and nasty inside that we could hardly breathe yet alone smell our beers. The smoke was so bad that we didn't even stay to finish our beers, we were choking and gagging for air the entire time, we paid and left after 5 minutes.I ordered the house Hefeweizen and was utterly disappointed to see that they put a lemon in it, a clear sign that it is going to be a watery, tasteless, shitty Hef and lone and behold it was like drinking water. The kitchen was closed so we couldn't get anything to eat, not that I wanted to spend another minute in place. The only good thing about this place is that the drafts were $4
Bad customer  service....walked in and walked right out.  Their beer selection  is not very good.
another restaurant i can cross off my list. for more than a decade, the food has been great. tonight we sat at a table and our guest started rummaging through her purse and the jackass manager runs over and says "did you put something in your purse". really like we are going steal a salt shaker wtf we walked and will never eat there again.
Beyond horrible, I thought I ordered a bratwurst in a pretzel bun and I got a hamburger (tasted like a frozen patty from Costco), a sausage that tasted more like a bad hot link, and the bun did not taste like pretzel. It came with garlic fries which also were not good. How do you mess up garlic fries I maybe should have tried the cheese curds instead But at this point, I think it would be a waste of time.
Terrible service. was there over a half hour without anyone asking if we were ready to order.Wait staff,bartender and hostess were more interested in hanging out with each other then serving any guest.  My husband got diarhea shortly after eating there.
Worst food I've tasted since 1995. Service was terrible and the filet mignon was cardboard. Very disappointed. Will never return
If you're going to come here - enjoy the beer and the brat & bean soup on a Saturday Night. Sit at the bar and enjoy the people watching. If you're super hungry, the ribs are okay.DO NOT use the bathroom. DO NOT get the food, especially the garlic fries. DO NOT expect decent service - but expect an overly priced menu. We accidentally spent $50 here thinking it would be worth it - it was not. We ended up grabbing Dominoes pizza 2 hours later. The food is so obviously frozen, and the waitress we had was rude. She gave us the 'What do you want." attitude - I typed that correctly - it's like it wasn't even a question, like we were disrupting her. There were buckets strewn about the restaurant and bathrooms due to the leaky roof succumbing to the rain, and the it just all felt dirty. We won't be back. Oh no, we won't be back.
First visit to "Big Dogs" last nite shortly after 11 pm.  Bartender informed me they didn't make pizzas after 11.  Ordered a beer and an order of wings to go and started playing a video poker machine.  In less than 5 min I had $120 in the machine and ultimately $220.  Short bartender with starter set of muscles offered no interaction with either of the 3-4 patrons at the bar.  As he delivered my check he explained that he needed to collect before the food was delivered.  Looking at the receipt, I noticed the bartender had charged me $3.25 for the beer.  I asked if I had to pay for the beer since I had been playing the machine.  He looked at my machine and said he would remove it from my check.  Had I paid without looking (which I often do), I'd have paid for the beer.  The wings were delivered, I played for a couple more min before hitting the "cash-out" button for $240 - a $20 winner.  Several minutes passed without anyone acknowledging my cash out.  I began observing the bartender in an effort to make eye contact. No luck - he walked by several times with no contact.  Finally, I flagged a tall blonde guy telling him I needed to cash out.  He informed the short bartender and my payment was delivered.Normally, my $20 win would be split with the bartender - not this time!  I stiffed him, I left him zero.  Which was exactly equal to the service and attention he offered.A return visit is not likely.
I loved this place until my visit tonight. The food is great. Cheese curds, beer cheese soup, pot roast, and sausages are awesome. However, the service is terrible. They LOST my debt card. I placed it in the card sleeve, the server took it, brought it back and didn't say anything. I went to sign, my card and the slip weren't there. So I began to panic! The card wasn't on the table, in my wallet, or on the floor around me. I waved the inattentive sever down and told her my card was missing. "Well, it wasn't there when I went to process it." So the search begins. She retraces her steps and after five minutes gives up. I begin calling my bank. Then from across the room some busser picks it up and gives it to the guest sitting next to him. HE GAVE MY CARD AWAY!!! The couple that he gave it to, got up and asked if there was someone missing their card. I wasn't expecting a free meal after this ordeal but it wasn't even offered. They asked me if I had a different form of payment before the card was found. You've gotta be kidding me! This was handled so poorly.  I really enjoy the food but this incident will prevent me from ever coming back. Horrible.
After being seated by a young host who mumbled something about drinks then walked off to never come back then sitting for over 10 minutes and being ignored by no less than 7 different servers who walked by us, we walked out. Since we've been here twice before and the food is always just average (extremely boring menu) don't think we'll be back. What a shame since there are not too many breweries on this side of town.
We arrived at 8:20 for the all you can eat shrimp. When we approached the hostess, she informed us that she would seat us, but they are closing the dining room and we'd be the last customers. I'm unsure why this was relevant, it only made me feel like an inconvenience and that she was doing us a favor. My son got the shrimp those were good. These rest of our meals were awful. I got the roast beef sandwich and it was so greasy I couldn't pick it up, the bun fell apart on the bottom. The Mac and cheese was not much above kraft. The pasta was way over cooked. I was going to give 2 stars until we sat and waited 20 minutes after we were done eating for someone to address we needed the check. After we received our food we did not see anyone until that point, once the 3 of us had to stare down the staff to get attention.
I went to meet my mother here for lunch (she is a regular at this place ). So first,  the atmosphere was good.  I ordered the pulled pork sandwich (garbage), the pork was tough and really seemed like yesterday's left overs (after it sat out and got dry), overloaded with a overwhelming bbq sauce that still couldn't mask the flavor of the nasty pork! The fries were good, and me trying to be positive, just figured some cooks have different standards (I wouldn't dare say Chef!).  So that said,  I hadn't seen my mother in a long time, and she seemed to be enjoying her food, so I didn't mention how much I disliked my food (although it was evident after I didn't take more than a couple bites after I had just talked up how much I would like a pulled pork sandwich). The last straw for me was when as we were walking out, our waitress mentions, loudly, to the hostess "wow they took forever". I figure she hadn't seen her tip yet, and I probably should have went back and taken it back! but I did nothing as she gave us another sarcastic comment before we left. I will say again, my mother is a regular here so I didn't want to make her feel uncomfortable.  I kept my mouth closed, even though I feel we did nothing wrong for sitting there for a couple hours catching up on missed moments.  we bought food, drinks, and tip well..  I thought that's what restaurants were for  Please correct me if I'm wrong!
Nasty, terrible and disgusting come to mind as I walked in this place with a seat yourself sign.  Even worse they told me with kids I could not sit in the main dining area and I must sit in a narrow hall way that was truly awful.  It was also smokey and loud in here.  We immediately left and went to the Steak House at Circus Circus that provides incredible service, food and atmosphere.  If you want a quality place to dine and have kids avoid Big Dog's Cafe, I guess the name should have been a clue.
"Welcome to Big Dogs; where you can eat, drink, smoke and play."Well, not any more.Just got the word.  Wiesner Jr is closing the place to focus on brewing beer at the North Rancho location.  I have eaten Walleye at the Sahara location every Friday for 5 years.  I'm going to miss it.  The beer was my least favorite part of going to Big Dogs.  The Dirty Dog IPA gives me a hangover that I do not get from any other alcohol, except their Jackpot 777!  When reinheitsgebot (Bavarian purity law) gets thrown to the curb you should expect bad things.Its been real, its been fun, but it hasn't been real fun.
I am sad people lost their jobs but I am not surprised.  We stopped in and stood and waited for 15 minutes to be seated, staff walked by us the bartender looked at us but they all ignored us.  Was it because we had kids   Not kid friendly at all, in the end we just walked out.
This was absolutely terrible.  It was so highly reviewed, but absolutely terrible.  Not that we ate the food, because we never had a chance.  We were seated immediately in an area with another table that was served by our server.  There were only two tables taken in the restaurant and our server took 10+ minutes to bring us drinks.  Still waiting on our drinks, our appetizer came out with no silverware, no plates, still no drinks.  Our server came by (we had already asked him about the drinks once).  Shortly thereafter, he brought the drinks, still no plates and no silverware.  We waited a few more minutes and he brought out our salads.  Still no plates and no silverware.  When we asked again about the plates, he laughed as though we had made some strange request.  We continued to wait - no chopsticks, no silverware, no plates - after it became too ridiculous to handle we got up and walked out  It's the only place that we've ever done that before - and we have had some terrible service.  The food that we stared at looked terrible - in hindsight I'm glad that we had no utensils.  If you have an hour to kill, are looking for terrible service, aren't in a rush, and want to order some food that looks disgusting you may want to check it out; otherwise, stay away!
The food ain't bad.  But their predatory towing practices are.I parked in front of a sign that said customer parking only.  I was a customer, and my car got towed.The owners of the business say its not their problem, its the owner of the parking lot.  The owner of the parking lot says its not his problem either.So, my $30 meal just got a $120 tax added on to it.
I ordered take out of Tom Yum soup and Chilli Chicken, what a disappointment. None of these tasted good, Tom Yum soup was kinda disgusting.
I have been to this place a few times and enjoyed the flavors. However I was VERY DISAPPOINTED for their lack of "respect" to what a customer orders.  I order my usual the MEE GORENG with TOFU and as I combed through and had a couple of bites I found a strip of chicken.  I lost my appetite and was gravely disappointed by their lack of detail to a vegetarian dish.  This place is black listed for me and I hope to find a better Malaysian place in the Queen City.
This review is about the FOOD only! I'm in town and without a vehicle so naturally I was looking up some tasty delivery options on yelp, when I came across cuisine malaya, I was elated to see that they delivered.  I got my food fast, both dishes came in very nice containers and I was sure i was in for a real treat! Based on other reviewers I had the steamed Popiah  and the beef Char kway teow..Back to the opening of the containers.... First the steamed popiah, I'll admit I have never had popiah before and they probably would have been better if they were fried.   The popiah consisted of a thick roll stuffed with mostly rice and some other ingredients, it was topped and garnished very nicely, the problem is.... It didn't taste like anything!!!  I'm a firm believer in not eating tasteless food.   The char kway teow was similar in appearance to pad see ewe but again, this dish was tasteless..... I mean I couldn't taste any flavors! How does this even happen Did they forget to add flavor to my meal  I ended up only eating a tiny amount of my food...  It's so sad when you have something that looks delicious, but turns out to be a barrel of bland.....
Always make sure to scrutinize a resturant review from a college student.It's more than likely based on the cost of beers rather than food quality. My sushi was warm, food was cold, and the chicken in my stir fry tasted old.
My boyfriend and I have been coming to this place for a long time. The food was great and the service was great! Everything started to fall apart once the original manager was forced to quit his position. The food quantity and quality started to go down hill. There was hair in my food not once but TWICE every time I order a rice dish. The new owner did not care to apologize and he was offended I even brought it up. The sushi is very plain and not high quality either. As a college student, they forget to discount our meal from time to time but its the food that matters right Their prices are constantly changing and for the amount of the food it is not reasonable. We will not be coming back at all. There are other places to go that actually care about their customers satisfaction.
If you are a vegetarian DO NOT go here!!!My wife went there with a friend and brought me home take out. She asked if they had Gen. Tso TOFU (stress - TOFU). They said they do not but that they could make some.How awesome right WRONG - they were too stupid to actually make it. Well if you're a meat eater this next part might not seem too important but if you're not you'll understand - she paid for and they sent her off with CHICKEN! That's right c h i c k e n, chicken. Disgusting dirty bird parts. When I opened the container I nearly puked. The stench of dead birds permeated our apartment and we both began to gag. So we paid for a big bowl of dead rotting animal parts. I'd like to have our money back but I'm not going to drive all the way back out there for it - I just wish these idiots could understand what a disgusting mistake they made. I'm sure it was just a mistake but it's one that you should NEVER make when it comes to serving those that don't eat flesh. Clearly a mistake like this shows that they have little regard for peoples dietary needs. I can only assume that even if they got it right they may have cross-contaminated it with dead animal parts. If you are a vegetarian DO NOT go here!!!
This was definitely a disappointment (I guess I should have realized it wouldn't be anything special given that the place is normally empty).  I ordered delivery from here and it took over an hour (mind you I live about a five-minute drive away).  I ordered Singapore Rice Noodles and Spring Rolls.  The spring rolls were definitely not fresh or homemade and were an extremely small portion for $3.50.  In general, I felt that the prices were a little high (and am surprised that so many people commented on how low the prices were below).  The Singapore Rice Noodles were supposed to be with shrimp but arrived with about two pieces of shrimp and about 15 pieces of chicken (mind you, I don't eat meat...and there was no mention of chicken on their menu).  That was the disappointment that has made me decide to give it such a low score.  I can honestly say I will never patronize this restaurant and will encourage others to do the same....
Awful. Good food poisoning.
I ordered food from Sun Penang because of the great Yelp reviews. I excitedly called in orange chicken and thai iced tea. An hour and a half after I placed my order, I wondered where my food was. Finally! A phone call! But alas, it was only the driver calling to tell me that he spilled my tea in the car. Would I like him to drive back to the restaurant, make a new one, and come back to Shadyside No, my hunger couldn't wait more time in addition to the hour and a half. About ten minutes later, my food arrived. Salvation! I ran upstairs and to my kitchen table, ready to eat. I eagerly took my first bite of the suspiciously cold chicken. An entire mouthful of chilled congealed fat caused me to vomit on my table. One star.
I thought being in squirrel hill this place would be right on.  More like way off.  The waiter was not very friendly. My food came out 10 minutes after my friends meal did and we were the only ones in there.  I won't be going back there. However the receptionist was very very nice.
This used to be my favorite restaurant in the town. But I was so disappointed today! Poor service and cold dim sum. The shrimp dumpling were cold. And the egg custard buns were raw!! The flour was running! OMG! Disgusting!  Also, the server dip water on my friend's coat and he did nothing! Ridiculous!
Worst meal I have had to date.  Orange Beef, hot n sour soup, brown rice all terrible.  How do you mess up rice  The rice has some smokey coal bad water flavor going on....yuck...good bye 30 dollars.
I don't do reviews but just for this, I download the app. This is by far the worst Malaysian food that we have had.  We were greeted rudely.. (Surprisingly,  he was the owner of the restaurant!) which totally ruined our mood. However, the waitress was really nice. We ordered the Hainan chicken rice and curry chicken.. As we thought we couldnt go wrong with these. The chicken rice was blend and horrible!  And did have the taste of chicken but just brown fried rice with oil. The chicken meat was dry and coarse.  Curry chicken was bad.. rotten kind of bad that it tasted sour. The boss did not even apologize nor spoke to us - I didn't think he'd care! For what they charged, not even worth it : portion wise nor quality. Totally disappointed because we read the good reviews before going. I'd rate it 0 star if I could, so 1 star is for the nice waitress.  Would not recommend anyone going there if you're expecting decent malaysian food.
Cravings used to be our go-to lunch spot for Chinese food on campus. Food are not exactly authentic nor delicate, but there are some nice choices (e.g., eggplant beef stew, fish fillets with spicy tofu sauce); portions are big and price is cheap; and the owner is super funny. However, their food is not always fresh, and like another reviewer said,  they had failed food safety inspections so many times that they were close to being shut down.One star because my husband went there again this evening and got food poisoning and got VERY SICK. Lesson learned and just wanted to caution everybody. Would be three stars for the good memories...
When I first went over a year ago, the prices were reasonable. Prices have been going up quite a lot and food standards have been dropping. Their noodle soups are still reasonably priced, but of poor value -- the meat and ingredients are typically of very poor quality, e.g., rough, dry, tiny. Satay chicken are dry, hard, and very pricey. Meats in dishes are quite sparing in amount. I wish there was a good Malaysian restaurant in Edinburgh. There is another with a very very limited menu, but higher quality. We will visit Kampong Ah Lee now only if I am very desperate now. If they could improve their quality or lower their prices back to a reasonable level, we would come back.
Where should I begin After being seated and waiting 10 minutes, our waitress bypassed our table twice to take orders from people that were seated after us. Not sure if us being the only black couple had anything to do with it. I ordered the curry chicken with roti pancakes and there must have been a chicken shortage because I received a bowl of curry potatoes with a few chicken scraps.. Needless to say, I won't be back.. I'm only out $1.00, so that's a plus..
The lady at this place is rude. she don't know how to greet customers with a smile. I will never go back there!!!!
I've seen this place so many times, laughed at the name, but never stopped in until one day my other half suggested we go.Inside is a place with tables. This is common to Chinatown. It's low-cost and it seats people. The bathroom is strangely well-done, though. Anyway, you sit in a relatively warm place - again I'm assuming to save money. You get a small menu, and you get a selection of random things taped to the wall if you wish. I should specify - not food, but just bits of extra "menu."The waitress, or who ever she is, is remarkably unfriendly. She is merely a physical vessel for carrying food from the kitchen to you. No words. No smiles. Just a note pad and minimal contact.Ah, the food. So, it's kinda cheap at first. You think, "wow, what a good deal! $5-6!" Ok, so you really get what you pay for. Everything is thawed, prepackaged, stuff. Just stuff. Nothing with much effort. If it could come out of a package, it did. Be it the fish balls, the roti, the chicken, or whatever. You can tell, everything is minimal. No extra love to preparation. The food is made and put on a plate, and thrown at you.I don't like. There are SO many better choices out there, even in the same center. Monta, Raku, SnowFlake...
I feel like I can't trust yelp reviews in vegas... The only thing that this place has going for them is that everything is cheap. Like most dishes are 5 or 6 dollars.Ordered:-hoi nam chicken over special seasoned rice (boneless dark)-curry chicken with roti pancakes-salt and pepper fish-thai teaThe only thing that was okay was the dark chicken, and not enough to make me want to come back. My husband, however, wants to give it a second try bc the prices are so cheap. Let's hope we can find something good on their menu. The lady serving was rude... But I think that's pretty typical of Asian restaurants, so I didn't find that too offensive.Also, i wonder why they can't use reusable plastic cups when they clearly wash their plates. All beverages are served in styrofoam cups. Ugh. I hate styrofoam. Not just bc it's not eco-friendly, but I might have an irrational fear of styrofoam. I hate the sounds and texture. It's just gross. :( Please get real cups!
Big Don't. The server is very rude and there is only the one server. I'm tired of her rudeness. My family eats out a lot, all kinds of foods, but we will now stop going to Big Won't and their Big Waitress Attitude, she is always rude. She acts like she's Big Won and you're nothing won. She treats people like she hates her life or something. I have taken my family there for over 2 years or so, maybe once a month. She was rude starting day one, we ignore it, hoping that she becomes more polite. But she's the most horrible server.  Her energy is almost hateful. You have to make a loud noise to request any attention from her and sometimes that is not enough, she will ignore you talking to her sometime as well, and then you have to get up and go to her with any request, including if you want to order extra food. She never ask if you need anything, she acts like she's pissed off even when you try to pay. I feel a little sorry for the owner, she is costing him money because if people want to order extra food, his restaurant will profit more but the waitress always treats you like she's angry if you ask her for anything, including ordering or paying your bill. I guess losing profit is what he deserves, he's responsible for her being there. Her bad attitude is weird because it never change even though we keep being nice to her and even give her good tips, hoping she will realize what's going on but it doesn't work, she just always remains rude. Her disrespect, has never ended, so it's not worth the cheap food. We're done, she BIG FAILED, long time.
Fuck this restsurant what a fucking rude waitress not coming back hre u say tgank you u cant even get a respnse they can ubderstand english though ....
No this is nothing fancy, neither were the flavors. In fact, the special seafood noodle soup was practically tasteless. I expected at least a little spice (had a chili pepper next to it), but the red colored soup was nothing but an illusion of blandness... A lot of toppings though I must say. But that did not make up for the runs I had after consuming 34 of the bowl...The won ton egg noodle soup was the most bland I've ever had - and I had pretty high expectations since this is rated 4 stars on Yelp - disappointing. Everything was subpar except for the shrimp won tons.If you're looking for dirt cheap food and don't care about the quality, then this is your place. There are definitely other places nearby that serve much better quality and authentic food. I can't believe how highly this is rated... maybe it's the noodle soups that suck.
I was not impressed by this place at all. The food was simply not good. Everyone In our party got different dishes so we could try a variety of Items on the menu. Sad to say, that we could barely even finish them. I get it, it's cheap but even that can't compensate for quality and flavor.
I believe, the only reason why this place receives business is because people rather not wait for food at the ramen place across the plaza. Not great. The Thai tea is cheap but comes in a small styrofoam cup and filled half with ice. Also, if your group orders the Thai tea, some will have a good amount of milk and some will not. I chose the house seafood special with rice noodles. The soup was not spicy at all and the soup base made me feel sick. Everything is cheap, but that's all the quality food you get.
Most of the food tastes like they came from frozen food packages. The soup for the soup noodle tastes like the packet ramen that I cook. Hainanese chicken was dry. Congee was thick and rough. Not my kind of cooking. I won't be going back.
I don't care if the food here is made of solid gold, the ownermanager has ZERO customer service skills. I've now spent $20 on two different Groupons to try to eat here with a discount. Please note that no one is forcing this restaurant to do business with Groupon, it is their choice.First experience: Came in to use my deal and there was a large group already dining. Server ignored me for several minutes, then said they would be unable to help me with my food for nearly an hour because the large party had just ordered a lot of food. How unprofessional. I left, and Groupon refunded my purchase with apologies.Second experience: Went in today to order takeout, placed order for $30 worth of food to meet their $10 credit card minimum for my remaining balance. Cashier refused to accept my Groupon, saying it's for dine-in only even though it doesn't state that in the fine print. Went back and forth, but she refuses to honor it saying it was Groupon's mistake- argued for several minutes and employee walked away. I assumed she went to get a manager but she walked back and then asked how she could help me, and when I asked to speak to a manager, she twirled around in a circle and then facetiously chirped at me again, HI, I'M MANAGER, HOW CAN I HELP YOUManager straight up told me to call Groupon customer service for a refund because she wasn't going to accept it and walked away again, turning away my business. Thoroughly unprofessional.
My husband and I both got food poisoning from eating here. What a horrible experience. We both had to go to the doctor. It is four days later and we are still sick as a dog. We did not eat out any where before for 72 hours. We both shared the same dish. The doctor said they are probably reheating the same dish over and over, and thus making people sick.
Rude waiters,  not welcoming.  Food is definitely not authentic.  Cook and staff are Chinese from China. How is that a Malaysian restaurant  Smh. Tried to cheat us on a take out meal, not going to play that game.
Don't believe their posted hours. We got there 30 min before closing and we're sent away. Very annoying.
Went to use the ATM at this DUMP.. (falls very short of being called an establishment). Mind you, I asked to use the bathroom & was told NO! The bathrooms are for paying customer's only! What about the fact the ATM machine was charging me a, $3.50 surcharge! Needless to say, the cashier & cook SCREAMED at me when I preceded to walk to the ATM machine, thinking I was going to use the bathroom, OMG!  The workers were extremely Scarey and UNPROFESSIONAL!!  Don't waste your time at this joint.. workers were: rude, obnoxious, angry and not very welcoming! Don't even bother with this DUMP!! RUN, FORREST, RUN!!
Really awful.  Bad food, bad service, dirty tables, dirty restrooms.  Plus, they don't take credit cards.
Just came back and will never return....STAY AWAY1. Roof leaking and dripping on nearby tables - warning number 12. Floor sticky and looking like they have not been mopped for some time - warning 23. Fly in salad unfortunately found half way through. Apologies from wait staff, no manager to be found, offer of a free desert.4. Soggy paper in pasta found in first few bitesNeedless to say, we left. Again, no Manager to be found, just a dirty, filthy restaurant.Will NOT come back!
It was our first time trying poutine. It was also our last time. So much hype about poutine and everytone said go to la banquise. but it was soggy french fries covered in a sweetish gravy with salty cheese curds. HUH Should we have been plastered to appreciate this novelty Such a bummer, we paid our bill and left. Sadly, the most disappointing part of Montreal trip.
Hey, go ahead and ask me why I hate the poutine at Resto La Banquise  Well, that's a very good question.  Let's go over the basics of Poutine.  It's fries served with a brown gravy and topped with cheese curds.  Yeah, it doesn't make you friends amongst Cardiologists, I have heard Quebecois refer to it jokingly as "Montcalm's revenge", but hey, sex is both funny and kinda disgusting, but who doesn't love getting it on, right  Right. Poutine is the culinary equivalent of dirty itchy smelly sex that leaves you sweaty all over...so bad and oh so good.  Anyways, In order for poutine to be dirty sex satisfying, a competent establishment should meet several criteria for quality in such a simple (but by no means easy) product:  a) The fries must be crisp on the outside, savory and soft with some moistness on the inside, and not too thin so it'll hold up to an onslaught of gravy.  It should also be salted so it tastes good by itselfb) The gravy should be hot, flavorful and thick, so it'll provide a lipsmacking base of umami.  A good gravy reminds you of a good consomme...you can sip it by itself.c) The cheese curds should be room temperature, or at least it should not be cold.  It should squeak with milky freshness when you bite it.  It should be an ideal vehicle for absorbing and retaining the gravy flavors, and the population numerous enough to act as a meat-like counterpoint to the soft, crisp but bland potatoes.d) All 3 ingredients should form a sublime union, the resultant product a greater sum of its parts.  It should be both crisp and soft, potatoey-and-gravy-meaty, refreshingly cheesy - Quebec cheese curds, Nova ScotiaOntario potatoes, and their confederation in a good, salty and flavorful, very warm gravy, enough to warm you up on a cool day.And Resto La Banquise...failed on all counts.  Let's start with the potatoes - thinnish potatoes that are inexplicably sweet (did they put sugar in there  WHAT WERE THEY THINKING), which does not crisp up at all.   There's the gravy - a bit too thin, not much flavor, does not taste good by itself, and in the case of my serving of La Classique  It was barely lukewarm.  The cheese  Coolcold - feels like they just took it out of the fridge.  It's supposed to be returned to room temperature prior to serving so it'll not cool down the gravyfries when you put it in.  On top of that, it's not an entirely generous portion of it to mingle well with the fries and gravy to make it work.  I wonder if the line cooks preparing poutine hates its very existence  How else would you explain adding all those crazy toppings onto it to make it taste good to the obvious out-of-townersI am disappointed by this supposed landmark, a pretender to the pantheon of culinary achievement, one that does not hold up to scrutiny.  The ingredients of greatness are probably there (the steamie hot dogs from Lesters were delicious, the seating is comfortable and the service is passably good), but their poutine needs work.Do not make limp fries, add sugar, dump pieces of cheese curds straight from the fridge, pour weak gravy on it and serve it lukewarm.  That's like asking the guys at Wilensky's to cut the sandwich, for the counterman at Schwartzs to cut the viande fumee thin and lean, or for the staff at Le Centre Bell to hoist a Bruins flag.  You don't go to St. Viateurs and ask for them to make a salty doughy bagel. You don't do stuff like that in Montreal and expect to get away with it.I suppose you want a good alternative for Poutine - okay, here's my suggestion: Patati Patata on Rue Rachel and Rue St. Laurent - there's a reason why they are constantly busy.  They have higher turnover, they also show their Poutine respect by making the fries crisper, the gravy thickermore flavorful, and their cheese curds are not as cold.  The amount of curds were well balanced and the results blend better into the mix.  This is not to say that their poutine is the best, but they are definitely better.  Rotisserie Romado on Rue Rachel and Rue Buillion will do a good version as well, with lots of crispy salty fries, lots of fresh curds, and their gravy is actually spicy.  Damn the lines and order some with your chicken, and get some Sumol or Guarana.  As for this place  I don't know.  I guess you should try it just to see how bad Poutine could be, just so you can hanker for much better ones somewhere else.
Quality went down, there is no cheese in my poutine!!! Poutineville is a screw now!!! Junk
Ok so decided to try this local place tonight, we were 4 people and boy oh boy after we had to wait  over 1 hour for 4 simple poutine, we got up and had to leave unacceptable! The manager just shrug her shoulders no apology at all. The place was reasonably busy buy there was no reason to have to wait so long! They will never see me there again. Very unprofessional! Over hyped & over priced. Not worth the time
Two weeks ago we decided to try their poutine.  The staff was very disrespectful and the food was terrible.The smokers in front of this dive should have been a dead give away!The lack of basic English on the menu to allow a customer to decide what was being offered was deplorable.Never again!
All around disappointment.Main issues: Fries sauce and cheese were nothing to write home about. When that is what your whole menu is based upon you got a big problem IMO.  It was all pretty bland.There was one thing that really made me want to go back and complain about. If I don't like the food then I just don't go back, that part is simple, but if I ask out right if the containers are fine for take out and get these flimsy paper take outs and wind up with gravy all over my things I am a little peed off, especially after spending so much on fries and gravy.I don't think it will last long there.
This is a Toronto based restaurant... for poutine... with a location in Montreal. I'm trying hard to be polite here. I didn't know this fact until I started this review but it explains a lot and didn't change my view at all. First of all there's just something odd about the taste, the gravy, ehhhh... Secondly and most importantly the fries sucked. I think it's the type of potato they use, not sure. At first I thought the cardboard box was cute, but the novelty soon wore off. Looks like someone took a tight dump in a small box!I wish them good luck in Red Dear, Regina, and Moncton, but I just don't see a long future for them in Mtl. That rent can't be cheap.  Other things I don't want from Toronto in a Montreal restaurant:-Smoke meat-Bagels-Steamed hotdogs-Subs
Went to get a take out poutine on wednesday night, ordered a Cochonnaille poutine which is suppose to have pulled pork, bacon and pepper sauce.  I was alone in there, the guy who took the order went to the kitchen to prepare the poutine, came back out and called out to me "one cochonnaille".... Took it home, and when I opened it, it was a plain basic poutine, without any meat, without pepper sauce.... But I still got charge the full price of 9.20$, instead of the 5.70 for a basic poutine.   I could possibly understand making a mistake if I ordered it in the dinner rush, but no, I was ALONE in the place, the same guy took the order and made the poutine right away... How can you mess up like this... Specially, when you have just finished assembling the poutine, and are calling out 'One cochonnaille'.... You would think he would realized that he messed up then.Call them when I got home and he says, 'sorry.... don't know how it happened, do you want to come back so I can fix it '  Yeah right, I am going to get back in my car, drive for 10 minutes, to get what I ordered.  I think they might be doing this on purpose to take out orders, because they can charge more and most people won't come back to get it right, and this way, more profit in their pockets I email head office, and they never even bothered answering... Not a very good customer service!
Two Words: Dog CrapLiving in Montreal, I know what good poutine is, and Smoke's is so far from a good Poutine, I had to write this it. In my life, I have never had poutine with absolutely no flavor. Their sauce has zero, and I mean zero flavor You might as well of covered it in water, because water has more flavor then their sauce. I had the smoked meat poutine and they added smoked meat, mustard and a pickle. Mustard in a poutine, disgusting! That's like putting chocolate syrup on salmon. After removing the mustard, and had a bite I realized that the smoked meat tasted more like pastrami, the cheese was tasteless and the gravy tasted like water.I am not surprised by all of this because people in Ontario started this chain. In general, people in Ontario, and especially Toronto do not have a clue what good food is. Only in Ontario would a garbage restaurant chain like Smoke's Poutinerie and Pizza Pizza exist. Now they have infested Montreal with this garbage. If you want a good poutine, you are much better of at La Banquise, Poutineville or Lafleur's. I would add Frite Alors to the list but they are a freakin' rip off, Also, the Poutine at KFC and McDonald's taste much better. In order of food I would eat, I would take La Banquise, Poutineville, Lafleurs, KFC, McDonalds, Iams, Alpo, Whiskas, Purina Cat Chow, Friskies, Kibbles & Bits then Smoke's Poutine.
One of my worst experiences ever. Not only the poutine and the ham I got was not even eatable, there was a hair in the food and they even didnt get surprized. It was like its normal to them.
Good presentation, good marketing and a trendy decor Check check and check. Good poutine... I'm a Montrealer who spent a year in Toronto, where Smoke's is -the- place to get pout. Quality high, and authentic. When I heard one had opened in Montreal, I encouraged a group of friends to check it out with me.The end result Really average poutine and half of us getting violent food poisoning.Avoid.
I have no idea what happened here, this place went waaaay downhill since it opened. We had friends here from out of town that had been hearing about Smokes for months and were really looking forward to trying it and after we talked it up to them they were looking forward to it even more. Well we went in on Friday night and the place was dead (first time going and not waiting in line which was nice) and the employees seemed impatient, rude and all around miserable.The only way I can describe our food is totally disgusting, I wouldn't feed it to me dogs. First of all I worked at a few fast food chains as a teen and I know old oil when I seesmell it and let me tell you that oil hasn't been changed since they opened, I would almost bet my life on it. Our fries were completely brown after being in the oil and totally soggy, disgusting and flavourless. Secondly our poutines barely had a drop of gravy on them, they were totally dry which just added to the nastiness of the fries. Last, the portions were about half the size they were on my first few trips, I know it has been a couple weeks since my last visit but what happened!! Honestly, I just wound up feeling embarrassed after telling our friends how good it was. They clearly didn't see what all the hype was about and I don't blame them. I can guarantee I will go back based solely on my previous visits but if this is what it's going to be like from now on I am officially heart broken. Fingers Crossed the pick it back up!!
I came here on a weekend when I was in town to visit a certain someone at the nearby university and I insisted on trying Smokes after finding out there was one in close proximity. I visited with a group of friends and I was so excited to finally see what all the hoopla made about this place was. Okay, first off, this place is tiny! I ordered the bacon poutine and it was underwhelming at best. The fries are the epitome of "cardboard fries" and the gravy can be described -- in chemistry terms -- as TRANSPARENT, not even translucent...what is up with that The portion was big though but that wasn't the reason why finishing up the small size was a struggle.This Smokes experience did not go to waste however, I'm still on a mission to avoid it back home in Toronto.
Got the original poutine for takeout. Wow, where do I beginFirst of all, the fries were soggy and drenched in oil. There was practically no gravy on it. The cheese curds were hard and old. Sadly, I had to nuke in the microwave for 4 minutes to get the cheese to partially melt, and most of them stubbornly refuse to budge. Felt like I was chewing on rubber pellets.  Don't let their heavy advertising fool you. I'd rather go to McDonalds to buy their fake poutine that to pay for this excuse of a poutine. This was an utter let-down. I'm sticking with my New York Fries. They get it right every time, and they're even cheaper.
I've had much better poutine elsewhere. I would recommend avoiding...
Owning a driving range inside the city limits is like a license to print money.  I don't think I ask much out of a driving range.  Decent mats, clean balls and accessible hours.  Hell you need even less people now with the advent of the machine that doles out the balls.  This place has none of them.  It is april and there are no grass tees yet.  BTW they opened for the season this week although it has been golfing weather for a month.  The mats look like the carpet at my 107 year old aunt Irene's house.  Worn and thread bare.  Let's talk about the hours.  This place is equipped with lights yet they only sell buckets of balls until 730.  It is still light out.  Finally lets you have the pit to hit into.  When I arrived I wasn't sure if this was a driving range or an excavation site for a mastodon or a strip mining operation.  There is no grass on the range. Just mud.  Makes it a good tool to figure out how far you actually are hitting the ball.  Oh, they are cash only also.Bottom line, this place sucks.  The best hope is that the owner sells it to someone that actually wants to make money and service golfers in Pittsburgh.
This place is absolute garbage...  Half of the tees are not available, including all the grass tees.  It is cash only, and they sell the last bucket at 8, despite having lights.  And if you finish even a minute after 8, don't plan on getting a drink.  The vending machines are sold out (of course) and they sell drinks inside, but close the drawers at 8 on the dot.  There are weeds grown all over the place.  I noticed some sort of batting cage, but it looks like those are out of order as well.  Someone should buy this place and turn it into what it should be.
I recently went to a wedding reception here. I felt sorry for the bride and groom. The place was not clean for starters. The food was the worst part. The salad was soggy from the dressing sitting on it for far too long and then they put on top a hot fresh baked bread stick that came from the freezer, which in turn made the salad hot. I had the sirloin, it was cold, chewy, and bland. My date had the vegetarian pasta, it was over done spinach pasta with some sort of flavorless cream sauce and veggies. Mix in overpriced drinks and you have one of the worst wedding reception venues ever. Stay away!
Played on 2314.  Very poor conditions, both fairways & greens.  I would rate this as the worst course I have played in AZ.  Also the green fee of $85 is ridiculous.  Green fee does not include range balls, that were seemingly taken out of the desert & ponds.Two thumbs down!
What a disappointment.  Terrible service, no bread until requested three times, bland unseasoned food and 16 bucks for a salad. Pass on this place. Only the valet was worthwhile.
So it's a Friday, and we're a group of colleagues. You know the deal,  large group, high spirits, cause, hey, it's a Friday.There doesn't seem to be a table large enough to accommodate the size of our group, and we're just trying to figure out how to split ourselves up, when the waiter pounces on some guy who's eating and MOVES him. Ok, that works our for us, but I've never seen a patron pushed off his table mid-meal before in my life. This should have been my first clue.So we sit, and 10 minutes or so later, the waiter takes our order. Ask him a few questions, almost all of which are answered in a mumble that sounds like "yes, it's noodles". Same answer to all questions. Well, we're all tech geeks, so a quick search on our phones manages to DE-mystify most of the menu. Second clue as to the service.40 minutes later, and 1 salad and 2 soups have appeared so far. There's a bit of hunger going on by now. One of my colleagues is eying the remnants of one of the salads, so we push it over to him. 50 minutes in, and HALF of the table is served. Umm, ok.  The remaining 4 of us are patient, and figure we're next.  My colleague is now fiddling with the paper wrapper from the chopsticks and I'm afraid he's going to eat it.60 minutes in, still no food for the remaining 4, and in the meantime we've watched 3 other tables get served.70 minutes in, I go remind the server that half of our table is missing food. "Yeah It's busy."75 minutes in, and finally the remaining 4 dishes appear. And my salmon teriyaki is RAW.  STONE COLD RAW.'nuff said. Never again.
Salty as fuck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
After spending a week in Montreal, my husband and I decided to give Sumo Ramen a whirl. We started off with the gyoza appetizer - it wasn't bad but not great. I ordered the kimchi ramen and it was the most tasteless ramen I have ever had (and I have eaten lots of ramen in my life). The broth - the most important part of ramen - was like water (not enough taste to even call it bland). The kimchi was meh, the noodles weren't cooked all the way, and the bowl wasn't piping hot when served. The best part of this tasteless dish was the two strips of pork belly. My husband ordered the curry rice with shrimp that came with a salad and miso soup. The miso soup was also tasteless and inedible. The curry was extremely watery with no chunks of veggies or potatoes. But the curry dish was still better than my kimchi ramen. I really wanted Sumo Ramen to be delicious but it was horribly bad.
after reading the reviews on yelp, my boyfriend and i decided to give this place a try, especially since we are on a mission to try ramen in every city we visit.we were really excited, as when we were in NYC, we had really good ramen. listening to the reviews we started off with the gyoza appetizer - which was not as good as everyone says it is. It was pan fried with the thin layer of skin, but there was an aftertaste of soap water. Which I should have known, since the glass of water they served us was disgusting!We had ordered the jumbo sumo ramen - beware, it is a very big bowl of noodles, which we did not expect.The sumo ramen came with a half boil egg, seaweed, pork belly, and other veggies. The noodles and pork belly was good. Soup was tasteless.Definitely would not go back again.
I had just come back from a trip to Tokyo after trying some of the best ramen on the planet (Including "Mochi Mochi Noki", which has some of the best shoyu ramen you will ever eat, as well as "The Great Ramen War", which is 4 floors of ramen houses of various kinds.) so, being on the coat tails of that trip didn't help this place.It also didn't help that they refered to the cook in the back as their "Executive Ramen Chef". I will get back to this in a little bit.I ordered their shoyu ramen and what passed as "gyoza", were the completely deep fried dumplings you get at your average $7 Chinese buffet, not REAL gyoza - seared on the bottom, boiled on the top.The broth was just colored water. The condiments offered were what flavored it. I decided to go back a couple of days later, and I ordered the miso ramen. Again, the only difference between the miso ramen and the shoyu ramen were the color. Otherwise it tasted like the local zonie water that passed for "broth".  The noodles were way undercooked too. In fact, bunches of the noodles were stuck together like poorly cooked spaghetti.The "Executive Ramen Chef" who allegedly travelled throughout the orient to learn this stuff, didn't learn well. I didn't buy that line.The only people who would be impressed with this place are those who only have had packages of 25 cent instant ramen or your average cup of noodles. This place has a real future here in Zonieland because of the locals have had no better. Good for the owners.
I'm going to keep this short and sweet. I ordered miso ramen and they gave me shoyu. I immediately knew that it wasn't miso because it lacked miso's distinct foggy hue and traces of fermented bean paste.  I have grown accustomed to the unique look of miso broth after having lived in ChibaTokyo for 3 years.When I took my bowl to the service counter, the attending chef told me that because their miso has no MSG, it isn't as potent as "regular" miso. I have had MANY types of miso, and none of them taste like bland greasy salt water. Rather than own up to his mistake, the chef lied to my face. To make the situation worse, as I left the restaurant I saw a fellow customer enjoying genuine miso broth ramen.
DISSAPPOINTED!!I ordered the TONKOTSU ramen with chyashu pork of course, but they ran out of pork!!! So I supplemented with egg and chicken. Soup was thin and flavorless, egg over cooked, chicken bland, the bean sprouts, and spinach was not helpful or wanted!I make better instant ramen at home! Having had unforgettable ramen from Japan and very good ramen in Hawaii and irresistable ramen in Vegas even.... I'm sad AZ ramen is embarrassing.
What an abomination! For soup noodles its pretty decent but please don't advertise it as ramen. Its more like instant ramen that you can get for 75 cents with tiny bits of meat that you end up paying 8 dollars for. If I can make it better at home then we have a problem...
Add instant ramen, add a slice of beef, commercialize it as hip, sell for 8 dollars = Satanism. No Thank You Republic Ramen, No Thank You and Never Again.
NOT A FAN- FOOD WAS NOTHING TO WRITE HOME ABOUT. you are better off making ramen at home and saving money..  the happy hour is they thing that made us stay and eat but even so, never again.
I would give less stars if I could. Came here several times and seemed okay, but in the last two trips I have found hair and a sharp piece of metal (I was told was from a cleaning bristle - yuck!) in my ramen. Totally grossed out and terrified of how much it would hurt to ingest metal like that. Never returning and advise that they are seriously looked into by the health department. Even more aggravating, the lady just said "sorry guys" to the last problem with our order - no refund. Horrible place.
First, a public service announcement...TONKOTSU = Pork bone. Broth that is used as a ramen soup base.TONKATSU = Pork cutlet (breaded in panko). Something you eat over rice.Thank you. We now return to our regular opinionated review...   So you just saw Tanpopo or Ramen Girl and wanted to try someramen from a place that specializes in ramen to see what all thefuss was really about. You come into this place, order a bowl ofmiso ramen and patiently await your meal. When the girl bringsyour ramen you close your eyes and imagine yourself in some quaintramen shop somewhere in Japan - bullet train in the distance, enka playing from the shop's speakers. You put the ramen brothto your lips and....PPPPPPPPPPPFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!almost spit it all back into the bowl. Instantly you're back in Tempe- light rail in the distance, alternative rock blasting from thespeakers. The broth has not a molecule of miso flavor that yourtongue can detect. Hell, Maruchan and Top Ramen have more flavorin their "flavor packets" than this sorry excuse for a broth.  Anyway, that's sorta what happened to me more or less. Came in with rather high expectations and had them shattered the momentI tasted the broth. Umm... did I order the Shoyu Ramen by accidentI wondered If so, MISO SILLY! If I did, though, there should be a stronger shoyu flavor. The noodles themselves tasted ok. There were some slices of char siu and they were passable - meaning they actually had a flavor that resembles char siu. But still, this  place wouldn't even cut it as a hospital cafe in a bad part of Tokyo.Reading some of the other reviews, however, I guess it can cut it in a strip mall in Tempe on the south side of East University Drive.     I'd actually been here once before a while back and don't evenremember what I ordered - it was that good. So I came back a secondtime just to make sure.Fool Me Once, Shame On You.Fool Me Twice, MISO STUPID!  So I'm still hoping for a real ramen place to open up in the valleysomeday. Yeah, sure, some Japanese restaurants have ramen on their menu. I mean an actual ramen shop that just serves ramen. Maybe yakisoba and udon as well but primarily ramen. One can dream, right
Too bland no flavor. They need to work on there soup base, because thats what makes the ramen. Just too bland, and I ordered the miso ramen, which tasted like water and shoyu. First and last time coming here.
Yeah... No! This place is seriously horrible. The whole set up is strange and the ramen is even stranger. I would rate this as the worst ramen shop I've ever been to. I've had ramen all over California and Japan... Why even call it ramen...
Before everyone gets carried away this started off as a strong 4 star review because I was stoked that we finally had decent ramen in Vegas. That other place Togoshi that closed down was not even remotely worth mentioning. I apologize but you people are really reaching. I'm not going to name drop, but there are GREAT ramen-ya in California and New York as well as some not so good ones in the mix. Monta....I was willing to over look a few things. Like the fact that it's 103 degrees outside at night and you have no working AC. Also the faint smell of sewage doesn't really get your appetite going as you walk through the door. Let's serve a steaming hot bowl of ramen in the middle of the Las Vegas summer with no adequate ventilation except for some ceiling fans. Let's pretend I'm part Asian even part Japanese and I know something about food. Yes the food is decent and the ramen, pork belly and boiled egg, noodles are decent. Not the greatest but good enough that I would have returned. Prices are reasonable until you start getting extras. Our bill was $44.00 for the 2 of us. Pretty respectable check average for a small establishment. This is where I am not understanding how you could overlook simple customer service. I have reasonable expectations of decent food and decent service.... Whoever the arrogant F**K is that owns Monta: 1. This is not Japan 2. We live in the year 2010. 3. There are not enough Japanese here in Las Vegas a town dominated by the Chinese, Koreans, Vietnamese and every other nationality that you can afford to lose business. 4. Treat your customers better. 5. You might as well save some money and switch to walk-up counter service because that's about how useful your waitress was. It was not so much a lack of experience or lack of training issue, but more an arrogant I don't care it's not my job mentality and attitude. What You don't think I saw this in Japanese restaurants 20 years ago Even the Chinese have changed Mr. Bakatari and deliver with much more friendly and caring service. Is it that hard I ordered the tonkotsu ramen with tamago, extra pork and extra noodles. They serve the extra noodles on the side in a bowl and later I find out why. YES YES YES I know broth is costly, labor intensive and time consuming to make. But if you order XTRA noodles then the ration of broth to noodles should be proportional. It was not even close. I asked the waitress, Miss Personality very politely if I could have a little extra broth as I had a ton of extra noodles and no broth left. I'm not complaining, there wasn't that much broth to start with just enough for the regular order of noodles I was served. Answer was "no". No big deal I will pay for extra broth just a tiny bit, whatever you guys want to charge....fat sumo kitchen lackey is like f'****n way and again "no" then a half ass sorry as she is walking away. Honestly this is such a joke I've been to restaurants in LA and again NY that have the name and ability to be arrogant and pretentious yet the service is warm and hospitable. You can go to Naked Fish, owned and operated by Japanese, yet the service is outstanding.
Ordered to go. Absolutely horrible.  I have never had ramen so bad. The noodles were not cooked! Never going back. I called the shop the same day, and I am still waiting for the Owner to call me back. Total rip off of money.
If you have ever had ramen in So Cal (Santouka and Shin-Sen-Gumi Hakata for example), you'd know this place does not measure up at all.  My Miso Ramen was thick and salty.  It was more like gravy than soup.  My fiance's Gyoza tasted like they were bought from the asian supermarket.  While the botton was cooked, the top was still cold.  Bad choice for dinner.
After all the rave reviews, my husband and I decided to try it.  We got there early, and just in the nick of time, because 10 mins. later the place was packed with people waiting in line.  Husband and I ordered and it took a much longer time to prepare than should have been for the type of food we had.  I had Tonkatsu ramen with extra chasu (bad move) green onions and corn.  The green onions were finely shredded and placed on top like a haystack, and the corn just piled on top.  The chasu was thin and soft and fell apart when picked up.  The broth did not have much flavor.I couldn't understand why this place did such a wonderful business when right across the street at Hue Thai you can get a wonderful bowl of pho for the same price, and don't have to pay for any extras.  They also have bahn mi (sandwiches) for which they bake their own wonderful bread.  Skip Monta Noodles and get your noodles at Hue Thai!  I don't work for either place. but am a regular at Hue Thai, and will continue to be.
I expected A LOT from monta noodle house. They call me Ramen Sheriff, because I've tried countless ramen joints and ramen is my favorite food of all-time.  And Ramen Sheriff gives this place 1 star. Dis-a-ppointed.They said this was THE best ramen in vegas and even THE best tonkatsu ramen they've ever had. Umm.. not to be mean or anything.. but I still haven't had any better tonkatsu ramen than Santa Ramen in San Mateo. Here was the tonkatsu ramen I had at Monta: http:www.yelp.combiz_photosUPIYuRaZvknINOd1w8kqRQselect=iPsp5gVQWZ-u3E5DzNlFOQIt was SOO salty!! Good thing my friend ordered the exact same bowl, because his wasn't salty but mine was, it wasn't just me. I told the waitress and she said "I can either give you hot water or take it back for them to cook again, but then it would take a while.. do you want me to give you hot water to try first" I said sure since I was hungry (it's a small restaurant and a long wait). She gives me hot water, I add half the bowl and it was still salty.  Disgusting. She didn't even come back to ask if it was okay until after I was done with the whole thing!  Good job lady.  Yeah I finished the whole bowl but it was still salty. My first instinct was the Tonkatsu-Shoyu bowl anyway, but the same waitress said tonkatsu was better, since it's more popular and very creamy. And it failed. Lesson learned: Go with your first instinct!! It's usually always right.
I would suppose they are good at what they do, but I find it to be bland. I did not care for it at all, I also did not like the flavor of the noodles. The tea was good though.
How do you NEGATIVE rate this place  "Monta Japanese Noodle House was shut down by the Southern Nevada Health District after a routine inspection found 47 demerits on March 12.Violations included spoiled food, potentially hazardous food stored at improper temperatures and staff not properly washing their hands. Also among the citations, an inadequate number of hand washing sinks and ineffective pest control measures." I went here once.. And some days later they shut the place down.. HECKA gross!
Ohh yelpers you have let me down..  I came here based on the high reviews and left disappointed (I didn't even finish my ramen).This place is super tiny & was packed!  I came when they opened and there was already a line out the door so I had high expectations.I had the:- Tonkotsu shoyu ramen (which has both pork and chicken broth). The broth was lacking.  It's salty but isn't rich.  The flavors are subtle compared to other places like Fukumimi, Daikokuya, and Men Oh Tokushima. ..and the egg in the ramen is a side option, so if you don't order it you won't get it.  The noodles were really different too.  They didn't seem like they were made from scratch.  Whatever it is, it's not what you typically have in ramen.  Also, the chaysu is pretty fatty so if you're looking to get some meat or protein in, you're almost forced to order something else.. or something else on the side!- Gyoza.  All 6 pieces were stuck together.  It really just looked like a whole bunch of frozen pieces were thrown in a pot so I wasn't too impressed - but they were YUMMY!  This place may be good, but maybe for things other than their ramen.
I have been here a few times. The first two were okay, but after continually hearing such great things about it, I decided to give it another shot. The ramen tasted like it just arrived from a 10 cent package of bulk ramen you can buy in a cheap grocery store. Maybe the chef was on vacation Needless to say, I won't be visiting the restaurant again.
Guess who just reopened  WON'T be revisiting!! LoL
I had the lunch special: Salmon&Salmon bowl  hakata ramenSo it looked quite delicious. Deceivingly so. There were just so many problems with this restaurant I *NEED* to rant on how bad it was.1) upon entering, absolutely no-one was there to receive us. i didn't feel welcome. the waiter threw me a sketchy glance at and disregarded me while continuing back towards the kitchen. w t f.2) finally, after getting seated, we did not receive water until 30 minutes later. hmm...3) mayo without further addition of any condiments on my raw salmon cubes is not a "chef's secret sauce". flavourless.4) warm, flavourless, sauceless rice bed sitting underneath my said raw fish. warm sashimi isn't appetizing.i dont like to rant negativity on restaurants, but i really don't want you to waste your money and time on this place. it really was.. that bad. the redeeming factors were the spring roll included in my meal with legit shiitake mushroom, and the freshness of the fish. but.. ruined again by the warmness. from what i heard from the rest of the table, the ramen noodles had the texture and flavour of instant noodles.if you crave good ramen, go to ichiban. kazu. save the trip to sketchy hakata. I have NO Idea why the other guy even gave it 3 stars. it was SO BAD. Ichiban ramen is wayyyy better!!
I went tonight at this restaurant for the first time, the food was ok. What I really didn't like was the service was terrible, especially the waitress who served us not the young and skinny one but the older one with bangs. There are many places where the ramen and service are way more better. Wouldn't go there anymore.
There's nothing authentic about this place.  Don't go, unless you've never had ramen before.  If you've had real authentic ramen before, then stay away.
My husband and I attempted to go here for lunch today and we were met with a locked door. After trying to open the door, a young lady came to the door and said "we're closed today. We're out of soup". I hope that is good news - that they're so busy they ran out of product. We were told they would reopen tomorrow at 11:30am. I'm very disappointed in today's experience. I will definitely try again tomorrow to hopefully experience the food this time.
I ordered the Spicy Miso Ramen and it was nothing special.  I didn't like the texture of the noodles (seemed undercooked) or the flavor of the broth.  My ramen included a boiled egg and it was so dried out that the yolk looked like yellow plastic.  I tasted the Spicy Shio Ramen and liked that broth only slightly better.  Overall, it didn't satisfy my ramen craving.   One more thing....it didn't bother me but it may upset parents with younger kids....Sir Mix-A-Lot's "Baby Got Back" was playing loudly.
This review is based on SERVICE alone, or lack there of...We came in with a large party of 10.  It is hard to get seated in smaller places like this, so that is why we shy'd away from Monta (which is even smaller) my favorite in town.  I knew it would be an issue beforehand, but we were willing to wait.We were told 30min for our table....no problem.  Should be worth the wait, so we said we would wait outside, and wrote down our cell number on the list.  There were 10 of us...so we could not and would not just stand in front of the doorway, since others were also waiting for a table, and it was a huge congested area.  But that means we waited OUTSIDE in the cold....but still would rather do that, then be in eveyone's way with the 10 of us.We came in 25min on the dot, 5min before the estimated time.  They said they gave our table away since they called our name, and no one answered.  We asked why they didn't stick their head out the door and ask for us...we asked why they didn't call the number we wrote on the board.  There were also other parties waiting outside, so I am sure they got skipped too.They said it would be another 30min+ to get a table..since we would be put back on the bottom of the list.  I had to leave on principal alone.  Sucks because I really wanted to try this place...and was almost willing to wait an extra 30min, but the rest of my party had a sour taste after they did this to us.Maybe I will come back when there is only 2-3 of us...but just be weary if you have to wait...stay inside because they won't call, and they won't yell your name outside.
Nothing vegetarian.  Unless you want Edamame for a meal.
I was excited to read there's Sapporo style ramen noodles in Vegas so I made it a goal to try Ramen Sora. Sadly this place did not deliver. The broth lacks flavor and is overall bland. I relocated to Vegas from SF where we are truly spoiled with numerous ramen joints. I've also had ramen in LA and this place falls at the bottom of all the ramen places I have been to. My husband and I came in at lunch on a Saturday. Upon entering the establishment we noticed they only really have ten small tables and the place was pretty empty for lunch on a sat
My husband & I came here for lunch today. Arrived 5 mins after they opened and the place was already full. We were seated on a table that sat 4. We ordered gyoza as our appetizer. It was ok.  The couple seated next to us were done eating and left. The younger [I can't say Asian because all of them are Asian] lady server came up to us and said " Can you move over to this table so I can seat a party of 4"  I WAS SHOCKED!! I didn't want to embarrass my husband so we moved over as told.  Our ramen came out and it wasn't what I expected. NEVER EVER in all my 33 years of living was I seated at a table at a any restaurant and then be TOLD to move so they could accommodate another party. OHN! That's very very RUDE! I will not come back here again.
I ate here last Sunday afternoon for lunch with friends.  There was only one waitress who was nice, but she seemed overwhelmed.  This was understandable because there were a lot of people waiting when we were finally seated and even more were walking in.  We each ordered the spicy miso ramen and we all got sick.  Worst part of my Vegas experience.
Let me preface this review by saying that I have been coming here for over a year. Love the shoyu ramen, chashu, curry etc...However, tonight will be the last time I go because I found hair in my shoyu ramen and when I notified the waitress she told me that they wear hats in the kitchen, so she doesn't think its their fault. The hair was obviously not  mine because it was black and no one in my party has black hair. I explained I would take a small replacement as opposed to the large I ordered since I ate some until I found the hair. She then had to check to see if she could since they wear hats. Kidding! Needless to say, I will never go back. Not even a sorry...just an implication that it had to be me cus they wear hats. What a shame...
We walked in at 1032, they told us the kitchen closed. They clearly need to change their hours and post that on the door. Boo!!!!!
I had the Negri ramen. My husband had the shoyu ramen. Both ramen did not smell appetizing.  I took two bites of mine and it was disgusting to say the least. our waitress saw me several times not eating we made eye contact and she never bother to come to our table to asked me if something was  wrong. When we asked for the bill since we were with a friend we took separate checks. She finally asked at that time if something was wrong when she saw a full bowl of ramen sitting there in front of me. we told her I did not like it and I do not want to change it to something else since I tasted my husband and I did not like that either. My husband did not like his ramen he said it was a weird smell and taste to it. His ramen was also warm almost cold.I was still charge for my meal and I know its a business so I decide to pay for the dinner I didn't eat. Just the fact that she saw me not eating and not bother to come was what pissed me off the most horrible service not accommodating restaurant.
I had Fukumimi Ramen to go for lunch.  Chashu was good but the soup broth was very so bad that I could not finish it. I was really hoping for a good ramen restaurant on the east side of town but that wasn't the case. Not even close to Monta or even Sora. Not recommended.
The soup was amazing, but that's about it. Noddles were super under cooked and seemed rushed. Tried to order in Japanese and got attitude for it, my bad every other Japanese place can either speak it or say I don't know how to speak Japanese without attitude. We were no even done eating and the server came twice asking if we were done as we are still eating. She mind as well kicked us out and ask for a tip. Still tipped her good for her garbage service.
The very first time I had a bad smelling ramen, the steaming broth smells like a dead pig. I still ate because I was hungry but as soon as I got a little bit of it, it wanted to come back out. It did not taste bad, just smells bad. Ewe, still grossing me out until now, will not come back.
With nothing visibly vegetarian on the menu, I decided to order the fried tofu and a side of edamame. I prefer my tofu firm, thoroughly marinaded and fried. Unfortunately the tofu was on the softer side, unflavored, with a lightly crisp glaze, sitting in a salty soy sauce broth. I tried to enjoy it, but it just tasted underwhelming and mushy. Like something made as an after thought. I mentioned my disappointment to the waitress, but I don't think she knew what to respond or how to follow up so gave a polite laugh and left it at that. Shame, I found the minimalistic atmosphere interesting and I hoped it would become a new Date Night option.
Only took them about 10mins to get my water, let see how long its goint to take for my food.... service are awful!
Been here about 5 times and the two times I'm here I ordered my Karaage Chicken SUPER GREASY and I mention it to the server then she said no it is the salad dressing and the chicken suppose to be GREASY NOT CRUNCHY! I was politely ask to fix my Karaage issues but she come back with the same chicken saying I will just take it off the check instead of fixing it correctly!!! The owner is not here by the way!!! VERY DISAPPOINTING, NOT SURE IF IM GOING TO RETURN TO THIS PLACE AGAIN!!!
I had somewhat of a high expectation given favorable reviews from one of my trusted yelpers as well as from the expectations that people have from recent openings of authentic ramen-ya's in this town.  This just shows how simple things such as Ramen is not easy to imitate by wannabes.  You can't just put mayo and yum yum sauce to cover crap up.  I have read beforehand  that the owner of this establishment is Hawaiian Japanese nisei or sansei.  As Ramen is sort of a "soul food" for Japanese people, this was a source of slight concern for me, as many nisei, sansei, etc,in this country are not as well versed in the Japanese language and culture as they think they are.  But all the background info aside, I wanted to see what Bachi folks' interpretation of ramen was so here is my take on this place. The decor is modern chic, not very Ramen-ya like, but it's a cozy place.  The menu is written in JapaneseEnglish, and the Japanese part of the menu gave away that the owner is not a native speaker.  My daughter and I look at each other with a look of concern, but we said "as long as it tastes good".....but it baffles me why the owner didn't have a native speaker proofread something as important as a menu; imagine reading a menu with a bunch of typos.  Most people won't even notice this but it tells ME something about attention to details.  We ordered an appetizer of gyoza and I had tonkotsu, she had buta-san, which is basically a tonkotsu ramen with extra chasyu.  Gyoza was not bad.  Not Monta quality but satisfactory.  They also have a "gyoza sauce", but a lot of us like to make our own by mixing soy sauce and rice vinegar along with rayu and I'm personally not very fond of pre-made ones.  Also, you are asked whether we wanted our noodle firm or soft.  Firm, I ordered, as it should be, I"m not sure who would want a ramen noodle to be soft.   That's just wrong to me.  It's not the way ramen noodle is supposed to be.  So the ramen....I don't even know where to start with this.  The broth was not all there. Actually, it wasn't there AT ALL.  It tasted thin, unsavory, hardly any umami, and was void of any rich tonkotsu flavor that it was supposed to have.  The menu said "hakata-style" but I can see someone from Hakata feeling quite insulted by this.  If I put a bunch of MSG in chicken broth it might taste like this.  The noodle....WTF.  It was floppy, soft, and had absolutely no KOSHI, which is a term used to describe, not exactly firmness, but the quality of rebound or crispness you feel when you bite into it, and I ordered a FIRM  I couldn't tell if this was a problem of having poor quality noodle or was just horrendously overcooked, but I have a feeling that it was both.  I think packaged ramens have better quality noodle.  The two main components or ramen are noodle and soupbroth, just as Nigiri Sushi has riceshari and fishtane, and just as nigiri sushi, the harmony between those two parts is the very important 3rd component of any good ramen.  This ramen had zero out of three.  I was trying to decide between 1 or 2 stars, but I would have to go with 1 given the quality of this ramen.  It is with great sadness that I have to leave such a review, but I have to be truthful, and for those who are familiar with my reviews, I stress authenticity quite a bit, but this ramen is at a level where authenticity is not even relevant.  It's anime ramen level.  It's not something you expect out of a place that specializes in ramen.  I'm at a loss for words here.  As much as I enjoy recent boom of authentic Japanese restaurants in this town, I just as much, if not more, resent wannabes who try to ride the bandwagon and I must say that this is one such case.  The other reviewers who spoke highly of this place should really revisit monta, sora, and fukumimi and listen to their palates.  Shoku is not in the same league as the above 3.  IMHO, it ain't even in the same ball park or the same sport.
Photos and decor are better than the taste of food...
The fried rice appetizer was really greasy and not anything special. The menu is really confusing to someone like us that never had this type of food before. "Chashu, Kikurage, Menma, Umeboshi, Mayu" What are these ingredients the menu should explain what these are, we did understand "green onion". Our server was a Spanish speaker and we could not understand what she was telling us, I am sorry, but it's the truth, she was nice, but we didn't understand her at all. We couldn't tell much difference between the pork and the chicken except for the fat on the pork. The Lobster Ramen was sold out even though we came in at 6pm. My tonkotsu broth was white and very bland. I started to put all kinds of condiments into the mix to see if I could work up the watery flavor but it ended up as a mess. My wife's broth was a salt bomb and made her feel bad afterwards. I now feel overly salty too. Simple things like the soy sauce was difficult to manage, there is a little red sticker with directions on it, but it was in Japanese so I just started to shake it and the soy sauce started to dribble out, they need to get traditional soy sauce dispensers. We really like sushi and Japanese food, but I guess this type of food is not for us. We left feeling greasy, salty and bland all at the same time. The table next to us had a bloody red center bone from the chicken wing appetizer. I am glad we didn't order that and feel sorry for the man that ate it. I love noodles, this type was not for us.
We ordered a Miso base flavor ramen and a Shoyu base ramen. My Miso Ramen was not HOT in temperature and the base was very SWEET. The Shoyu ramen was not HOT, but not flavorful like SORA, SORA is ten times Better.
I ordered the kimchee fried rice and the kaarage. The kaarage was nothing like Japanese karaage it was oily and had a sweet taste. I expected the kim chee fried rice to taste like fried rice but with kim chee tossed in it. It came out as rice drenched in kim chee juice and the kim chee in it was  soggy. The rice used in it was short n heavy like calrose rice. I had about 4 spoon fulls of it and I couldn't stomach anymore.  The service was great and the place was clean.
NO MORE lobster ramen! Soup base extreme SALTY! Fry Rice extreme SALTY! Server DONT speak Japanese haha ! If you want high blood pressure plz try fried rice n drink all the soup of ur ramen!! their extreme salty taste must get u to ER.
Location: hidden in a small complex near a salon, subway, and next door to Bachi Burger. After our party was waiting for what seemed an eternity at Bachi Burger, we decided to go to its sister place, Ramen Shoku.  Simply put, I most likely, not probably, won't be back here again. The various appetizers including the GYOZA and TAKOYAKI was somewhat interesting, but nothing too exciting to do an order of again.  Each of us  had something different...TONKOTSU, SPICY MISO, and I had the most touted TAN TAN MEN ramen for 11.50.  It was overly salty and the noodles were too al dente.  I couldn't get past the overly salty taste of the soup and it seemed that every time I had the soup, I would be grappling for the water as a chaser.  The menu stated spciy base, but they need to edit it and put salty base.  I almost wanted to add the carafe of water into the soup and ask them to heat the soup along with the al dente noodles to cook some more.  The overpowering taste of salt definitely made me want to walk out that door and not even consider ramen places in general.  I think the SPICY RAMEN was more up my alley as it had more flavor from the miso base.  The base of the TAN TAN MEN was just simply oxtail soup which would have been more preferable than what they had added to it.  It definitely helped me to eat less, but then again helped me to cross this off my list or put it on my list of places to never go back again.  Next time, I'll wait for Bachi Burger even if it's an hour long wait...there's a reason why this place was barely empty and the Bachi was filled to the brim.  You'll enjoy drinking water at this place.
I tried the miso ramen. Worst ramen I've ever had! The noodles were so soggy. It was like biting in to a giant clump of raw dough. The Chasu is all fat and tough. The corn was dry. The broth tasted like grass and mud juice. I also tried the toro karaage and the chicken was raw!! There's nothing worse than getting served salmonella on a plate. My tab came up to $27 for those 2 items. It was seriously a joke. It was such a horrible and gross experience! Never again!! *barf*
Great ramen if you like salt with extra salt.
I am writing this message in regards to the terrible service that my party of two encountered on April 1st at your Windmill and Bermuda location. I understand that the location has now merged with Shoku Ramen-ya and the servers might not have adjusted to the ramen menu or may not be as knowledgable about it. I myself am not a true ramen connoisseur, but I know what I like and what to order. My friend and I both ordered a bowl of ramen; I ordered tantanmen and my friend ordered the spicy miso ramen. Our waitress Annette put in our orders. About 15 minutes later another waitress dropped off our ramen, rushingly saying "who had the tantanmen". I slightly raised my hand and she placed the bowl in front of me. She then assumed my friends bowl was in her hand and rushingly said "this is tonkatsu" and rushed away from our table. My friend asked what she said and I thought I misheard her but I knew tonkatsu did not sound anything like spicy miso. We knew, however, that it was not her bowl because it contained egg, broth that did not look spicy at all, and other ingredients that were not supposed to be in the spicy miso ramen. We then asked a male waiter who told us what they were but he was quickly brushed off by our waitress Annette who said "oh these bowls are correct but you guys just have each other's bowls". She then switched our bowls and left us confused. I then went on yelp to look at the pictures of the ramen dishes we ordered while my friend dived into the dish in front of her. I found a pic of my dish which was now the dish with the egg and unknown ingredients, it looked nothing like the tantanmen dishes that people posted pictures of. We then called the waitress Annette over and she said "these bowls are correct, this is what you ordered" so we asked for a menu and she showed us on the menu what we ordered. Our ingredients did not match the ingredients on the menu! But she insisted they did and we said the spicy miso isn't even spicy. "She then said it's not supposed to be very spicy. Then we asked why does it have extra ingredients in it. So she said well the chefs must've just added extra products and that it would only cost US a couple more dollars, as she laughed it off. At this point she started blaming us for the switch and tried to give me back the tantanmen that my friend, who was starving, had already eaten quite a bit out of. She kept saying "well you guys were confused but it is correct so you can switch up the bowls again, this is in fact what you ordered". We KNEW what we ordered and this was not it. We asked to speak to a manager. The manager came to our table and said "so I heard that there was a mix up between you two but it is now resolved". We told her it was not resolved and we explained to her what happened. She then suggested that her waitress and staff were correct and that we should just switch the bowls back. She then lifted the bowl that my friend had been eating out of and tried giving it back to me. How unprofessional to assume that I want to eat out of a bowl that's already been eaten out of and pay full price for it. I stopped her before she placed it down in front of me and we asked for different bowls. She then said "let me talk to my cooks and see if there was in fact a mix up". She finally came back to our table and said "oh, there was a mix up actually because another table ordered almost the same ramen as you, and you two got their orders" she then agreed to give us new ramen bowls. Then our waitress came back and said "I am sorry that you were confused and I will take off one of the ramens for you, is there anything else I can get for you" We said no, we just want our ramen so that's it. They brought us the correct ramen and the check. The check did not comp us like Annette said it would. I then asked what happened to the comped bowl and she said "oh no actually you are going to be paying full price for what YOU ordered". We were then so frustrated that we paid and left. I am very disappointed in the service and especially with Annette and the manager! They blamed us for their mistakes and it is not acceptable
This was pretty sad.  I may have had high expectations, having eaten at some of the best ramen restaurants in Tokyo and in NYC.  They have a wonderful night shot of Shibuya on the wall, so I thought "wow, these guys must know Japanese ramen, this is going to be good!"   I was wrong, in fact it is far worse than I could have imagined. I was not even able to finish the simple miso ramen's broth.  It was that bad.  Ugh!I ordered gyoza with my meal and they were brought out with the ramen, but they were cold.  Can you believe it  It's simple when the gyoza are done, bring them out and serve them.  They weren't busy, so there was no excuse.  I also asked for garlic to add to the miso ramen, the garlic chips are supposed to be that, fried crispy chips.  It's not too difficult to do that.  What they brought was burnt, soggy and nasty.  Nonetheless, one would think that a ramen restaurant's ramen would have been better than that $7 per package of Shimadaya Miso Ramen from the Japanese market's freezer section - it's not. Save your money, buy the Shimadaya Miso Ramen instead.If this is the best that Pittsburgh has to offer, maybe I'll open a ramen shop.
This review is based solely on the fact that the four waters we received all had debris floating in them.I'm not sure if their dishwasher needs to have its filter changed or if their dish washing staff isn't doing a very good job. In any case, we left prior to making orders.
Despite that All my friends told me Not to go to this place, I walked in anyway just for the curiosity that how a ramen place can be so bad The moment me and my wife saw our noodles, I regret right away....Anyone with common sense would know that Japanese ramen is made of pork bone broth, the ramen my wife got has a thick chick broth oil on the top, and it's so salty that she couldn't finish 13 of it given the circumstances that she was extremely hungry! And my ramen was even worse, I can't believe that they use canned meat (from chinese supermarket) pour over the ramen for the price of 8 dollars!  Huge disappointment !  I recognize the smell of the canned meat cuz that's what I eat when I m lazy at home.....Oh well, I ask for it I guess... At least I know now why everyone around me told me "Don't go" so .... If you are also a curious George, just order the Mapo ramen to take out and compare to your canned meat from maybe Lotus or   you will see what I meant.
Food is probably 3 stars, but the service ruins the experience. There's a white guy with glasses and a jew-fro who wears a red shirt and has a horrible attitude. We were in awe of how much he seemed to hate being there. That guy needs to be fired.
I went with a larger group and there were very mixed reviews none of which were great. I personally didn't like my dish at all! I ordered a spicy soup, it tasted like mildly spiced water and left the worst taste in my mouth. I ate a third of the bowl which was all I could stomach. The curry ramen smelled somewhat decent and seemed to be the best option at the table but the overall consensus was that everything completely lacked flavor. The meat in the ramen was fatty and chewy. The service was friendly but not the fastest which was not the fault of the waiter. There appeared to be only one or two waiters in the place and maybe a busser here or there. We had reservations but waited about 30 minutes. No one took our drink order, although they don't serve alcohol so that wasn't a huge deal. I will say the egg roll appetizers were delicious but it was so small! We got 4 egg rolls that were a quarter of the size of a normal egg roll. To sum it up, thumbs down, won't go back, won't recommend.
I'm usually a huge fan of ramen, but this restaurant just did not do it for me. I ordered the Tom Yum ramen, hoping it'd have a sweetsour soup base. However, the ramen soup was really salty and tasteless at the same time. I didn't even know this was possible. Unfortunately, instant ramen tasted better than what I had. Definitely won't be coming back again!
Avoid if u can. Very unpleasant experince, only one waitress and she is so unorganized. On a Tuesday night we waited for over an hour between getting the menu and someone took our order. The food is mediocre too. Worst dining experience ever.
The reasons why I am giving it one star are twofolds:- Horrible and slow service: waiters look a bit lost, they didn't come take our order until I asked. We ordered an appetizer and two bowls of ramen, and had to wait 45 min before we got our food- The gyoza: the meat tasted sour with an aftertaste, as if it was expired (maybe it was actually expired). I pretty much spit the gyoza out.Now, the ramen and broth is actually pretty good and the portion of chashu (the meat) is quite generous. But I wouldn't go back, as I got so frustrated by the waiting time, waiters didn't really apologize and when I said the meat in the gyoza was probably expired, they still charged us.
I am reluctant to give only one star seeing all the 4-5 stars on Yelp for this place which was what brought me to Los Paisas in the first place. My husband, son and I went Sunday 2pm. The place was packed and we had a short wait. We were very excited to see the place packed translating to a good restaurant and seeing the food being served to other patrons looked delicious. Unfortunately, my $15.99 seafood bouillabaise was terrible because it had 2 smallmedium size shrimps, 4 frozen (not fresh) mussels, 2 tiny pieces of fish, 2 small rings (size of nickel and dime) of calamari, 3 crab legs the length and width of my fingers that was fully intacted in the shell (with no means of cracking the legs open). It came in a deceiving big bowl only to have me fish around in the sauce for the seafood. Why do they even bother having this on the menu only to serve frozen mussels and teeny tiny seafood My husband ordered a cup of coffee which was luke warm he says. He hailed the waiter over and the waiter did remedy this by getting my husband a hotter cup of coffee. I was also excited to try the crispy pork from my husband's plate only to find it really hard to chew. Way over cookedfried. The place was packed with Colombians so I would think its authentic and good. Don't go by my 1 star and not try this place, just don't order the seafood bouillibaise. Or maybe they just want to serve to Colombians I'm fine with that. Its too bad we didn't have a good experience cause we are the type that would patronize a restaurant every week if we love it. Other restaurants would be glad to take my money once a week I'm sure.
I have a couple complaints about this restaurant:1- first time I found a best of hair on my dish.2- I bough empanadas and it was a completely mess. They didn't give me any instruction.I talked to the manager and they didn't take any responsibility.
I went there for lunch and ordered the fajitas and received a complementary cup of chicken soup. The meat in the soup was parts of chicken that I have never seen before and I seriously doubt if was even chicken at all, The soup had broken jagged bones in it. The tea was awful, the tea maker probably needs to be cleaned. At no point in time in LIFE will I go back there to eat. After wards my stomach started to bother me and continued to hurt until I went to bed. Once again the meat in the soup did not look like chicken at all. They were weird round shaped pieces attached to rubbery pieces of meat. You would be better off spending less money going across the street to Taco Bell or Pizza Hut.
Service was very nice and pleasant.  I was ridiculously excited when I saw my plate filled with a ton of different type of meats, however I'll keep this short and sweet, unfortunately had to be the blandest tasting food Ive had in years.  Incredibly disappointing.
The worse experience in a restaurant!  My wife ask for a plate that it was overcooked and salty. Told the owner and the plate was replaced with something different. And when the bill came was charge for the 2 plates!!. Never in my life heard of this before!  Poor customer service! !! Oh by the way food wasn't that great either! !
I had a renter for some time who let the backyard go...  I knew it was a mess and I was waiting for other plans to start before re-doing the entire landscape of the backyard.I called Sergio's to have JUST the FRONT yard taken care of on a twice a month schedule.  Three months later, I come home from work to find his guys in my BACK yard.  I get the bill and they apparently spent 6+ hours back there... I didn't ask them to do the backyard.  I never had.  The agreement was the Front Yard only (for HOA reasons) like they had done for months.Of course he billed me anyway, then sent it to collections a week later.I fought it and spent nearly three months going back and forth with his collection company.The bright side   I won.
Terrible. Sergios installed sod at my house and didn't bring a roller. The "crew" didn't even know what one was. When I called the office they told me another crew would come later in the day to roll it. I went ahead and paid. Big mistake. They never came back. The job came out terribly.  When I tried to follow up they ignore my messages. I recommend going with someone who's more honest and reputable.
When I called around for a yard clean-up, most of the prices were about the same so I chose Sergio's because they could come out fast.  The 3 person team arrived early this morning and before they began I inquired as to how long it would take them and if they knew what the approx. charge would be.  There was a lot of communication issues but finally the one said $95hour.  I just let it drop as we were getting nowhere.  35 minutes after they started they rang the bell to tell me they were finished.  I asked how much and I was told $95.  I said for 35 minutes of work  and he shook his head yes.  It would have been nice to be told that there was a MINIMUM CHARGE.  They have lost a repeat client.  There were others that had flat fees and they were less than the $95 charge!  If you use these guys make sure that the owner comes out (as I expected him to be but was not) so that there will not be a language problem or you'll be ripped off too.
I called Sergio's Lawn Service yesterday to schedule a yard cleanup largely based on the reviews here on yelp. Sergio called back, and we scheduled a three person team to come at 8am today.  Well, at 9:45, I called Sergio to see if they were lost or ran into trouble.  Things happen, so I am pretty understanding.  It's now 11:20, and I have not seen nor heard from anyone.  I completely wasted my morning waiting for nothing.  Now i have to try and find someone else to tackle my weeds.
I have had terrible luck with this lawn service recently. Please do not furnish Sergio with your credit card number; he will put the card through on PayPal, which is very hard to stop when he is processing fraudulent charges. His crew stole a valuable tree-lopping tool from me at a house I was leasing right before I moved out. Then, after I moved out, he has billed me for monthly services for two months running because, despite being informed by me on the phone, he claims that I have to terminate his services in writing. This is the worst consumer experience I have had in years and I feel that this behavior has to be stopped. I'm certain most people don't count obtaining a new credit card and taking a trip to small claims court as among the experiences they are looking forward to when hiring a landscaper.
Don't bother with this company, he was scheduled to do work for me and was a no call, no show and won't answer his phone.
I should have known after the first failed attempt that this company wouldn't work out. I was quoted a price for bi-weekly yard maintenance that included check and maintaining  my sprinkler system.  When they showed up the guy try to charge me extra and I told them to leave if I wasn't going to be charge what I was quoted. I called Sergio and he explained that it was a miss communication and he would send the guys back.  The next time they came the same guy the cause problems the first time made me feel really uncomfortable. He started talking about how he had been to the house during the week and where was I why wasn't I home. (my service was set up for Saturday mornings) I was a bit freaked out by this.  I called Sergio again.  The next time they came my husband went to the door. They showed up at 6am on Saturday morning. My husband asked why where they there so early and that we couldn't have loud noise in the neighborhood that early in the morning. They never came back. They also left me with 6 broken sprinklers and a water leak.   I paid for the first two visits in advance. Now I am getting bills from Sergio saying that I owe for more. I am glad that I read the Yelp reviews about not giving him my credit card information.
After writing this review and the comment left by Joseph I got a call from a collection agence. They are claiming that they provided services that they did not.  Stay away from this guy.
They were very affordable but it was definitely a "get what you pay for" situation. I had hired them for clean up and they did a half-ass job. I had to repeatedly ask them to go back when they said they were "done" because they still had left a tone of weeds in the ground and ones they pulled up just laying about. The leaves were not completely picked up either. Also only one worker spoke English so it made it difficult to communicate with them. I will never hire Snappy again or recommend them. Get your moneys worth and go somewhere else.
We called them to come give us an estimate on Thursday only to trim our back yard after the recent monsoon storms had come in; we had a lot of overgrowth in the yard as a result. They came at the agreed upon time at 1:30 pm, but came ready to start immediately working and they didn't understand that we had only wanted an estimate. No one spoke any English except for one guy who spoke very poorly. He seemed to only understand the very basics, so when I told him the price was acceptable but I would need to schedule service for the next day, he didn't understand and kept asking me if $80 was too much money. I found their confusion puzzling because of course I had never met these people before, did not know their prices, but somehow I am supposed to hire them immediately I tried hard to explain that I had somewhere to be soon and only wanted an estimate at that time, but I did want service for the next day (Friday) but he still did not understand. He could only repeat if the cost was too much. After some back and forth, he eventually had to call his brother over the phone so that he could translate for him. I asked him if we could schedule service for the next day at 2 pm and they agreed. I was looking forward to getting rid of this hazardous yard, and $80 seemed reasonable to me. The next day, I am sleeping and at 9 am approximately, I heard my doorbell ring. My mother in law tells me that the lawn service people are out front. Extremely irritated upon hearing that they are at my house 5 hours before the scheduled time at 2 pm, I refused to answer the door (a mistake I will not be making again) and vowed not to hire them. I was basically done by that point with their service, they didn't even give me a call on either days to tell me they were coming, which I have never experienced before with ANY professional company. They usually give you a courtesy call to make sure you are home and ready etc. Nothing. Especially if you are going to arrive 5 hours ahead of time! Unacceptable.Again, due to all of this commotion, and still being half asleep and aggravated, I laid back down. They rang my doorbell once more and knocked. I hear some noises coming from my back yard but assume at the time that they are echoes from the knocking. A minute later, I decided to go take a peek out the back and immediately notice that my bike is gone from my back yard. I raced to the front and they were gone. I immediately called the company and the woman on the phone was very defensive. She claimed that these employees would never do such a thing, they had been with the company for over 30 years (despite NO ONE looked over 35, soo landscaping as toddlers or is that collectively), and she took down my information. I called the police immediately after and they took my report. Of course NO ONE from the company got back to me EVER. If someone had made such a serious allegation against my company, out of professionalism and cooperation, I would surely give that person a call to either conserve my business's integrity or to gauge whether or not I had hired some bad employees. Give me a call, explain your side of the story, I am not an unreasonable person. I know fully well since I did not see them take it, that it might have been someone else. However, I have lived here at my residence for 2 years, I padlock my whole back yard, we never have anyone in our back yard, and nothing has ever been as so much moved in our yard the entire time. The first time we have strangers in our yard, something goes missing I had also seen the bike very recently before they came over that morning. I don't think I am incorrect in at least suspecting it may have been these men. That perhaps they became angry that I wouldn't answer the door, and that they had come twice already, even though this was completely their fault. The first time was supposed to be for an estimate, and the second time they arrived 5 hours early. Alas, no one has contacted me to at the very least, apologize for the terrible customer service. The lady on the phone could have cared less when I told her they were there 5 hours before the scheduled start time; she didn't even know their schedule. She sounded completely disorganized and befuddled. No one came at 2 pm either. We called again a few hours later and she told me that I would receive a call in the evening when they returned. I have yet to receive a call from the owner. Of course just to state facts: I did not see who stole my bike, I only suspect. I am rating them extremely poorly for their customer service, and professionalism. What does that say about a company that refuses to address a customer's concern, and apologize for legitimate mistakes Just plain RUDE.
I will never use this company again and have told all my family to cancel as well. They tell you that they will be there a certain time and never show.  Then when they finally do show, they don't ring the doorbell which was part of the deal with signing up with them since I have a dog.  So my back never got mowed multiple times.  Also they quoted me the amount to keep up with all my bushes when they needed to be done and never did that either.  Horrible and speaking with the girls in the office was even worse since they just make comments about how you should just listen for them.  Yup, because I have time to wait around all day and run to the front window to see if it's my yard actually being mowed instead of neighbors.
I brought my lawnmower here after it up and died on me after only one season of use.  Since it is still so new it is under the manufacturer's warranty, so the manufacturer (Briggs & Straton) told me that this was the nearest company to my house that does repairs under their warranty.  The people working there seemed annoyed that I was even there, especially when I mentioned that it should still be under warranty.  One gentleman took a quick look at it, showed me a couple of points of maintenance I should consider for it's upkeep, offered some thinly veiled belittlement for not knowing how to properly maintain a lawn mower, and said it would be over a week before they could have it ready.  I don't know much about lawnmowers or how to repair them, but this shouldn't be a hard fix for them, certainly nothing that should take over a week.  The whole experience was completely awkward.  Their customer service was abysmal, and they showed no interest in repairing my lawnmower in a timely fashion.  I will not be returning for any reason, even though it is so close to where I live.
I called Joey and set up for him to come over for a bid.  20 minutes after he was supposed to be here, I called and left him a message.  10 minutes after that he called and said he forgot to call me earlier and would not be able to make it and rescheduled.  Now it is 55 minutes after he was supposed to be here, I have called and left him a message with no response.  This does not bode well...  Would not recommend this contractor if you value timely responses or dependability.
Brought my lawn mower in for service in November $89.00 so it would be ready for spring. Started it in the end of February to do a quick clean up of my yard and it just leaked gas all over the place. Call the shop they told me to bring it back. A week later I was told it would be another $89.00 that the carb was dirty. Told them no and picked it up. I ordered a carb rebuild kit on line for $6.00 and fixed it myself. Durning inspection of the carb it was a messed up o-ring that they installed that was the problem. I'll never bring them anything again.
I just called to get a quote and the guy on the phone interrupted me before I could finish my first sentence.  The reception was poor and he was frustrated that I asked him to repeat what he had just said.  I felt like I was inconveniencing him by inquiring about their services. Also, I live in the southwest end of town (and they're listed on Yelp as being in the southwest area) and he said "We don't go there, sorry", and hung up.
Looking at all if the reviews I thought this would be the perfect choice for my landscaping needs. I am looking to do additional landscaping in the very near future with getting some grass put down and was looking to discuss both transactions to get things rolling. So Friday I call- no answer. Went to voicemail. So I waited about an hour and called back. This time I left a message with my number and my address in case they wanted to check out the place before any quotes were given. Here we are on Tuesday and still haven't been contacted at all in any way. I have a few other places bookmarked that I'll contact now but this was the best rated so I figured this was the best choice hands down. Business must be good I guess.
I found this company from a Yelp search. They were in our area and had good reviews. I was not fortunate enough to experience what other posters are raving about.I have a rental house that more or less needed a 'clean up' job. Weeds had grown, bushes were overgrown, and leaves were caught in the rocks. On a Thursday afternoon, we called the phone number listed and got voicemail. Explained we were looking for an estimate and asked for a call back. Almost immediately after, I received a text message from the same number (a bit odd for a business to screen phone calls). They asked for some cross streets and said they could get an estimate same day. They didn't show up.It was a Friday or Saturday that they asked for some pictures of the front and back yards. There is a tree in our backyard so they asked if it needed any attention. We said we would like it addressed and they replied that they would need the tree company () to come out and take a look that Sunday. Sunday evening I came home from work and there was an estimate on the door. It was a carbon copy and the services listed and the numbers for pricing were not at all legible. After trying to decode the message, we finally text the number back and asked for an explanation of the estimate. Really, we wanted to know what it would cost.The reply we got back was "I don't know" and a phone number followed by "ask him"No thanks, bud. If this is too difficult, we will take our business elsewhere.
Im looking for a landscaper . Just called this compnay who advertises Las Vegas and surrounding areas. I live FlamingoDurango . The guy answering the phone couldnt even be bothred with talking on the phone to me,he said text me your crossroads. So I did, I just got a responce back saying we dont have clients in your area so thanks but we are not interested.. Im thinking thats probably  not the best way to grow your business..!! Whatever
I used to live in the area and would always patronize and recommend this business.  However with the last experience I will have to rethink that. My aunt and uncle ordered a gift basket for my grandmother for her birthday. When it was delivered it looked beautiful.  However once opened not so much.  Inside it was filled with....Dollar General brand goods. When I stopped down to tell them the owner and another worker told me what do you expect. If it was a busy season we would have gotten stuff from the strip. So moral of the tale. If you want to pay a whole lot of money for stuff from the Dollar Store you know where to go. To make it even more special the owner will provide a blank stare and a warm welcoming attitude that clearly shows she does not care.
As Lindsay's best friend and maid of honor, I went with her to Jim Ludwig's a few weeks before her wedding to go over the final order for the flowers.  We sat down and Jim pulled out a list of what they had discussed.  I very clearly remember her confirming dahlias and peonies for the centerpieces.  Not only do I know that she wanted these flowers from the moment of her engagement, but I was also at the consultation to witness the discussion.  The centerpieces were definitely not what she had requested - no peonies OR dahilias and they looked like flowers picked from the side of the road on the way to the wedding.  In no way did the flowers manage to ruin her beautiful day, but they were absolutely not what she requested or confirmed.  I don't understand how there was a "miscommunication" as I saw the paperwork.  I just know that I won't be using Jim Ludwig's for any of my own special occassions.
After a personal call and lengthy discussion on me wanting something unique and different and not a standard vase of flowers in our school colors of white and blue, I was asked if a unique container would be ok and I said that is what I wanted unique and different, from cheerleaders to the other cheer coach, for $100. When I saw that it was a vase of a few blue and white flowers, I was furious and feel ripped off!!! The order my family placed online was so awesome!! A puppy made of flowers in a ceramic pumpkin candy dish!! It was not even $60 including se day shipping!! The photos on his website have several larger arrangements made for $65-85!!! I sent several emails with photos comparing the two and have not received a reply back!! I will be calling!BUYERS BEWARE!!!! I guess he thought I would not see then!!
Used him a long time ago and to this day I still feel ripped off. Swore up and down to me he could do a job and came up short. very short. Then had the nerve to blame me.Now he has the nerve to stay open.Hate this place!
I visited Todd's Flowers in Plaza Midwood for two reasons:  1. To support a local business2. To get my wife a congratulatory bouquet for her new office.  As soon as I walked through the door, I realized I was in a floral thrift store. I was greeted by a stark showroom filled with dusty baskets and props that looked like they belonged in a family photo studio circa 1981.  The two small refrigerators they did have only had 4 bouquets in them, and the flowers appeared old and wilted.  The employee pointed to the cooler at what I believed to be the "Charlie Brown Christmas Tree" of floral arrangements and informed me the arrangements start at $45 and go up from there. The employee did rise quickly to greet me, she asked if I needed help.  I inquired about delivery, and they do deliver, which is nice.  She was more than willing to help me out, but the combination of a boring showroom, shabby product and high prices just left me standing there staring at the employee.  I couldn't even make up a lie as to why I needed to leave, I just blurted out "I'm going to try somewhere else" and turned and walked out.I ended up going to an unnamed local grocery store in Charlotte and a florist working in the smallest little corner of the store made me a really large arrangement with fall colors for around $35.  This was definitely a case where I wanted to support local business but the product they offered completely underwhelmed me.  Todd's Flowers has a good location with some really nice Elizabeth homes nearby, but they need to work on the customer experience, and they need to have someone cranking out beautiful arrangements that you can't find anywhere else in that area.  If they did that, you'll have to take a number to get in the door.
Horrible service. Terrible showroom from 1980. Poor attitude by employee. $17 bucks for two balloons, which the employee self proclaimed he didn't know how to inflate with the helium tank. Let it fold so another small business can have the spot and contribute to the community.
called to order flowers and explain that i would be overnighting a card to go with them.  when i asked annie if it would be ok to include cash instead of givIng cc (as long as i was shipping a card there) was told "that's really a stupid idea"  i explained that there are some intelligent people who believe that giving a cc out is a bigger risk than losing $70 cash.  called the owner dina the next day to give her some feedback as a fellow business owner. she told me "annie would never say that."  been a long time since i've been called stupid and a longer time since i've been called a liar.  rude, inconsiderate, and most definitely not customer service oriented.  i rarely write negative reviews, but stay away is my advice.
I usually like to visit a place twice before I review, but there were so many issues with my first visit, it's highly unlikely I'll return. To start with, it's hotter than Hades in there! It's a greenhouse. It's summer. I get it. But their structure is so small and plants are packed together so closely, that it's really difficult to roam around with a cart and peruse their selection. I felt hot and uncomfortable the entire time, bumping into plants, bumping into other shoppers...And let's talk about the selection real quick, which I was told by multiple sources is the best in Madison. I've since been to several greenhouse and I'm here to tell you, their selection is on par with Felly's in Fitchburg and a few other larger greenhouses around town. They might have a rare item here and there that you won't find elsewhere, but navigating the uncomfortable heat and nearly un-shoppable aisles isn't worth it in my opinion. As far as the staff goes, I was pretty bummed that nobody wanted to lend a helping hand when I needed it. I went with a hanging planter and the idea that someone there would be able to point me towards things that would work well on my shaded balcony, but it was like pulling teeth trying to get any answers. And I asked a few folks for their best recommendations, both gave sort of general sort of apathetic recommendations. I certainly could have done some research on my own and gone there knowing which plants to pick up, but for the prices they charge, I think a little knowledge and expertise isn't out of the question. Tell me what I need, tell me how to care for things. That seems reasonable to me.  I just didn't feel like they wanted to help me or cared to have my business and that's the worst feeling someone dropping close to $100 can have at a business.
Came here looking for a couple of house plants as well as a couple of plants for my balcony. Had a list of potential things but I don't have a green thumb and know little to nothing about plants. Walked around for 30 minutes with a paper in hand, looking around clearly lost and overwhelmed and wasn't greeted once or asked if I needed help. I eventually gave up and left defeated with no plants. Pretty big selection, but probably won't come back because of this.
Some restaurants in this area have Chicago-envy.  That must be the problem with Radio Maria.  The fusion menu doesn't work because the chef has not mastered the basic cuisines that they are trying to blend.  Dishes are overly complex and are either bland or actively taste bad.  The staff used to describe it as a Caribbean-Polish Fusion.  (Really.)  I have no idea what's going on now.  Spanish-Korean  Soul Food Middle Eastern Style  Masa boats. Frog legs. Ground coffee rubs. Pad Thai. Torta.   The motto seems to be:  when in doubt, add more things that don't go together, none of it done well.This could only be mistaken for sophistication by people who have never been anywhere sophisticated.  Stay away!
Oh Radio Maria, how I wish we could be in love.Radio Maria is like the girl your friends try to set you up with.  You hear how beautiful, how wonderful she is.  Then you meet her, only to find out she bites her fingernails during dinner.This restaurant has all the makings of a high class experience.  It has a pretty bar with house-infused liquor.  (I especially love the ginger vodka.)  There is a large tapas menu, a full service restaurant, and even a hostess!However, that's where the magical journy ends.  You enter the restaurant only to be told to wait.  You may, if you're like me, point out all of the empty tables and ask "why can't I sit there"  "Well," says the snooty hostess, "those are reserved."  Really  You have half of your restaurant empty and those are all reserved  Ok, I'll bite.  Yes, we'll be happy to sit at the bar and have a drink and wait for "about 15 minutes."At the bar, we order two delicious drinks.  They're made well, even though it took a little longer than it should considering there were three people behind the bar.  We decided to ask for the tapas menu so we'd be ready to order.  Sure, I don't mind that this one has food spilled on it.  After about 20 minutes of staring at the menu, not having any contact with the bartenders and certainly not seeing our promised table, we left, paying only for the expensive, but tasty, drinks.Will we go back  Well....no.
I am giving this restaurant 0 stars.  I don't want anyone else wasting their money at this establishment. Here goes:My fellow students and I had organized a fundraiser to be held at R.M. We were raffling off some of our artwork and had ordered a substantial amount of food because we were expecting 50+ guests. Around 8:30pm, there was an AWFUL stench that filled the bar area, followed by a watery mist that began to fall from the ceiling along the west wall of tables. There were a number of people sitting in this area (myself included), who were covered in this putrid water (I had to go home and shower!!!). The food we ordered which was on a nearby table, was also covered. I alerted the manager who said to me "It must be our pipes again." Again This has happened to other customers The manager then called the fire department in to inspect the pipes running along the ceiling, while our guests (those who were left) crowded awkwardly around the bar.  The manager took no action in remedying the situation. Our food was NOT replaced, and the water on the tables and chairs was NOT wiped up, so that the guests could resume sitting. The artwork that was hanging on the wall was also damaged by the water, and was NOT compensated for. Radio Maria had quoted us for the cost of food prior to the event, but when we received our bill, it was over twice what they had quoted. Worse yet, the manager only refunded us the cost of one cheese plate. Thanks. You're swell.  This matter is still not resolved as the owners of Radio Maria seem to think they owe us nothing. I disagree, and until we receive just compensation, I will not be returning and hope you don't either.
I went to Radio Maria for lunch on my birthday with my parents, who drove in from out of town. It turned out to be the worst dinning experience I have ever had. Our waiter William ignored us during the entire time. He completely forgot our appetizer.  When I tried to ask about it with the other servers they ignored me as well. the appetizer finally came after we were done with our meals and our waiter did not even bother to apologize. The food was horrible. My mothers mahi mahi was the driest piece of fish I have ever seen. The portions were extremely small. The "sea food plate", a $12 lunch entree, came with ONE scallop, THREE tiny shrimps and a piece of dried up fish smaller than the size of two quarters. We were all so hungry after the meal we had to go to another restaurant for more food. When I mentioned my poor experience with the manager on duty, he started to make excuses and argue with me. He didn't even bother to apologize. Bad food, bad service. I will never return to this restaurant again. Not for lunch, not for dinner, not for drinks, not for salsa, not for anything. I will tell all my friends to avoid going there for get togethers from now on.
Just felt like adding the fact that I have traveld extensively through all of southern Spain and am very familiar with tapas. The food at this place does not remotely resemble anything I have had in Spain or any other good tapas restaurants in the US (New York, DC, SF, etc.). Everything lacks in flavor and freshness. Bottom line, hate it.
Poor service, worse food.  Ordered salad and an entree.  They brought the entree and when we said we ordered salad the waiter pretended that we didn't order salads.  The food was tasteless.  I won't return.  It was also very hectic and noisy.
I had made a reservation for Valentines Day and they messed up our reservation. Our reservation was for 8:30 pm so we showed up at 8. When we got there it was a complete and utter mess. They had overbooked there reservations and a guy behind me said their reservation was for 7 pm and it was 8:10 pm by now and they said they hadn't even been sat yet. But it didn't matter because they couldn't find my reservation. They ruined my wife and I's Valentines Day plans and won't ever go back and won't recommend any of our friends go there either.
3 thumbs way down! I was visiting AZ, my sister brought us to El Pepin, she had been there before and enjoyed a couple of good meals.  But, not this time. The good: 3 Tapas were very good, Shrimp ajillo, Veg. croquette, red pepper w goat cheese. The bad: The waiter didn't understand English, one order of Paella, was really 3 separate orders for 3 times the money. Our order for Shrimp with the Paella became Squid. Our order for a small Sangria carafe became a large carafe for $18. When we complained about the Squid the chef said he wouldn't charge us for the extra squid. And, when we told we wanted one Paella order split 3 ways, he charged us for one order but took away our take home bag of extra Paella. In the end, we were overcharged for the paella and sangria, we didn't want Calamari in the Paella, the service was awful, food moderately good, Sangria average. We felt like tourists in a strange place getting ripped off at every chance.
The service was absolutely horrid. The waitress disappears for ludicrous periods of time. It took us almost an hour just to get water. When we finally got food, it was average at best and way over priced. On top of insult to injury, our group was charged 18% gratuity for the awful service. Our group got there around 7pm, and we didn't get to leave until 1030. We finally had to go track down the waitress to get our bill. I don't recommend going there. Typical overrated Scottsdale eatery.
My friends and I wanted to see the Flamenco show.  We had already been to Happy Hour so were not interested in dinner.  We ordered a small appetizer so as not to seem like freeloaders.The appetizer was extremely poor quality for the price and was presented to us without one of the key ingredients.  The service was terribly slow, given the fact that the restaurant was nearly empty (another clue).The Flamenco dancing was good but not worth spending the evening here.
High price for only so-so food.  I didn't bother staying for the Flamenco dancer... the poor atmosphere was a turn off (large empty room, shabby decor).  One positive: the service was friendly and responsive.
Oh Pepin, I was not impressed with you being closed on Tuesday even though your restaurant's sign said clearly that you were supposed to be open for business.  After hearing from other people that there were supposed to be salsa dancing lessons on Tuesdays I was excited to check the place out, but when my dance partner and I arrived the doors were locked.  There were no signs indicating that the restaurant would be closed so we decided to venture elsewhere.
We came for dinner and was not impressed at all.  For the price of the dinner  ($23. to $37 per entree), and the location, the place needs a total remodel or at the least,  to be cleaned.  We ordered dinner about 7:15 and not until an hour later did we finally lose our patience and asked when our dinner was coming.  The waiter told us it would probably be another 15 or 20 minutes, because it takes a while for the paella to cook.  That should have been told to us at the beginning when we ordered this.  The dinner was way below average (not worth the high cost)  because the food had no taste and some of the seafood was still raw.  We had to ask for some more bread to hold us over for the long wait.  We also overheard surrounding tables complaining about the food.  We finally left there after 9:30.  Sorry, not planning on go back after reading other reviews.
we went here late 2010 and had a buy 1 get 1 free coupon. the wait time was terrible and the entertainers were amateurish. we ordred appetizers and drinks and then our 2 entrees came. they came in small plates(lunch portions) . we complained and they said they split the dinner entree to make two. we complained but the manager wouldn't budge. well, we didn't either. we paid for our drinks and appetizers and left, but not before yelling out  "this place is a fraud !" i am of spanish descent and this place is a disgrace to my heritage.
Gordon Ramsey please visit this place! * Food little better than a TV dinner, yet competed with some of the best restaurants in town...ON PRICE * They served us rancid wine. * Service was terrible Ownermanager hung out in lobby socializing with friends rather than helping clients that were waiting an absurd amount of time for food. Gristle laden beef jerky floating in oil served as a dish Flamenco was ok...this place should give up trying to serve food and being a high end restaurant and Just become a bar night club and serve a few simple fresh dishes if anything at all. Or get a restaurant consultant in there and totally revamp the menu.I almost always try a place twice, but, not thinking so in this case.
Terrible.I brought my boyfriend here a while ago for a romantic date out.  I thought it would be great because they had vegetarian paella for me and plenty of fish and meat for him to try.  (He doesn't normally get to do that too much since we go to mostly vegetarian places).We got an appetizer, two entrees, and some sangria, and even with a $25 gift card, the bill was still over $90 with tip.  Now, this would not have been an issue had the food been worth that.  However, the food was terrible.  It was stuck in the 80's.  The beau's chicken looked like something you would get on an airplane, and my paella could have been shown up by something in a box... mushy rice with frozen veg.  The server also charged us for 2 salads that she just brought out.  I don't mind paying for a salad, but at least ask me!At one point in our meal, my man got up and went to the restroom.  When he returned, he told me that I HAD to go look at it.  It was awful.  It was worse than any drive bars I have been to.  The paint was falling off the walls, one of the stalls didn't have a door and the other barely locked, the toilets were filthy, and the sink was disgusting.  If you charge $20-$40 a plate, you need to have the ambiance to back it up.Never go here.
I just got back from "eating" at Pepin and had to immediately write a review.  We had a table of 12 reserved and were seated promptly on a packed Sat night.  We sat and waited for 15min before anyone took a drink order.  The sangria was pretty bad and only had a piece of orange in terms of fruit.  Most of us ordered paella valencia which we were told feeds about 1 12 people which I immediately thought odd.  Is it not obvious that it should either serve one or two!  Regardless we ordered four for six people.  A hour later the food appeared.  No salads and the bread was served with Ranch dressing (no butter).  Our drinks remained empty for most of the night including the water.  The food was pretty poor and the portions were horrible.  I got one clam, one shrimp, and a few pieces of chicken in my plate.  The mussel I had on my plate had a cracked shell so I did not eat it.  I was actually embarrassed.  On a high note the singerguitar playerdancer were pretty darn good.  They kept us entertained while we waited forever.  Unfortunately they were quite loud for the small space with low ceilings so it was near impossible to talk at the table.  If you do go, DO NOT sit in front of the stage unless you just want to hear them and not each other.The good entertainment soon left my mind when we got the bill.  My son had a $7 hamburger, my daughter split a crab cake, and my wife and I had the paella valencia.  One glass of sangria each and the bill was $110.  The also automatically added the gratuity.  Great trick when your service sucks!
The food sucks. They brought us bread that was stone cold. The entrees had too much salt and the service was average at best.
I'm going to tell you the end of this restaurant horror story and then you can decide for yourself if you'd like to read the rest or have had enough. ReadyAs my friend and I are exiting Mallorca, the manager, who is shoveling food into his face at the bar, turns and says "Sorry for the trouble girls..." and spits his food all over us. Now, let's bring it back to the beginning, if you're so inclined. Upon recommendations, a passion for Spanish cuisine and armed with a groupon, my  friend and I decided to try Mallorca last Saturday evening. We were greeted by eager, formal wait staff and were promptly seated. The dining room was ugly, out dated, and several shades of dark puke green. The plaster had multiple holes and the wall paper was water damaged and peeling away. Aesthetics aside, we ordered the Sangria right away from hearing wonderful things and we were not disappointed.For an appetizer we ordered the special that day, octopus. It arrived quickly. It wasn't bad. I've had better, but it tasted fresh and seemed to be carefully prepared and the presentation was eye catching. For our main course, I badly desired the Paella Valencia. As a long time fan of SpanishSouth American culinary specialties, I was dying for a good paella! Our Paella Valencia arrived quickly. Excited about the paella, we barely noticed the small dish of random vegetables and the dish of potato chips they placed on the table (ummm thanks... how classy...and authentic...). As we scooped paella onto our plates and eagerly began to dig in, I barely had time to fully absorb the blandness of the dish when I noticed a man's HAIR pressed into my chorizo. I flagged over the bus boy who was leaning miserably against the wall. "Hi, um, I have a hair in my Paella."Bus boy: "Oh! Um. Let me get your waiter."Our waiter promptly marched over and began collecting all of our dishes. I tried to speak to him, "I'm extremely surprised to find this hair in the food."Waiter in his strong accent, "Yes, ma'am, disappointing. But these things happen."Wait. What"Yes, I realize these "things" can happen, but it shouldn't, not in this fine restaurant." But he was gone before I could fully defend myself.Then we waited. And waited. And waited. No one came out to apologize. No one asked us if we needed anything. So I flagged the bus boy over again. "Hi, is your manager around"Bus boy: "Yes."  Pause. "Do you want me to get him" No. I just want to know where he is. Me: "Um. Yes, please get him."The manager visits us for the first and ONLY time. He greets us with a look that says "What do you want" I explained our little problem to him. Manager: "These things happen. "Seriously SERIOUSLY Me: "Look, your restaurant comes highly recommended. I had high expectations and did not expect to find a hair in my paella..." Practically interrupting me he continues "Yes, we have a fine restaurant. I have been in the business many years. These things just happen."Me (getting annoyed now with the lack of apology): "Do they wear hair nets in the kitchen"Manger: "Yes, of course. Besides, we have no women in the kitchen."SERIOUSLY Not only is that SEXIST, I had to inform him that is was NOT  a woman's hair, but rather a short black hair that turned gray on the end, much like his own hair, and that it was PRESSED INTO MY CHORIZO WHICH I SCOOPED OUT OF THE PAELLA FROM UNDER RICE. But, he clearly didn't want to hear it and walked away mumbling something that sounded like "I'm disappointed." Then our second paella arrived. Our waiter apologized (finally) for the hair, only to proceed to tell us that "This can happen easily. You could lift up your napkin and a hair could fall in."Ugh...Am I out of line to hope and expect that wouldn't happen Is there some ninja going around and hiding hair all over the restaurant Do you have a shaggy dog folding your napkins The lobster, scallops, tiny micro sized shrimp all tasted the same: bland, frozen, overcooked, boring. The rice had no flavor and looked remarkably like the boxed paella rice that Goya sells. The chicken was dangerously undercooked- hard and pink. Needless to say, we had no appetite after all of this. It wasn't hard to flag my actual waiter over this time. He had been standing in a corner ten feet away from our table with other waiters staring and pointing at us and talking about us in Spanish. Even if the paella was decent, we couldn't eat it while being stared at. Waiter "Would you like me to box this"Me: "No. Just the check."With a surprising twist, our waiter returned and informed us that this delightful meal would be on the house and then presented us with two shots of some sweet liquor. We left our waiter a rather generous tip and got up to leave, feeling slightly vindicated. We were chatting about the possibility of returning, when we met our manager at the bar on our exit...Mallorca, you finally blew it when your manager blew his food on us.
Not worth the money at all!!!When ordering $35 lobster tails you expect to enjoy your meal. Instead I had a bland and tough meal. I was definitely full afterward but by no means satisfied in the taste department.My boyfriend had the paella which tasted like it had just come from a box at a grocery store. It was a ton of food, but again, bland. I'm thankful that we had a gift card to use here otherwise I would have hugely disappointed at my waste of money. I would not recommend this place for their dinners.
Horrible service, staff rough around the edges and bad food. A group of four of us went there with very high expectations after reading yelp and left disappointed. It took an hour for us to be seated. Once we finally had a table and ordered, it took nearly an hour for us to be even served. I ordered 35$ lobster tail in wine sauce and it was dry and chewy. My vegetarian friend ordered veggie paella and what she received was literally a plate of rice with like 10 peas....and what really pissed us off is that the restaurants complimentary dish for the table was a plate of paella style rice...basically the same exact thing they charged her 20 bucks for. The service was just plain bad. The food was overpriced and lame.
Althought the portion sizes are huge...it's a waste of food.  My dinner was dry as if it had been prepared several hours in advance and then reheated once it was served to me.  Even though we were two of the only people at the resturant, we were still set way in the back by the kitchen. What gives  I was left with nothing but disappointment from my trip to Mallorcas. Prehaps I just went on a bad night.  I had the paella it was dry and flavorless and paella is one of my favorite dishes.  I went to Mallorca's for my birthday dinner and was completely let down.  I  didn't even take the left overs home, of which there was plenty My boyfriend enjoyed the Sangria but the waiter took it away, even though the pitcher still enough left for one more glass.  Grumble...Mallorca I don't like you.
I don't give out too many one-star reviews, but Mallorca earned this one.  I went with my family this past Saturday and we were treated to slightly rude, slighty indifferent service as well as tasteless food that did not match the description on the menu.  For example, the stuffed mushrooms contained shrimp and that was not clearly indicated on the menu.  Many people have shrimp allergies, so that is just plan unsafe.  Another example: my sister ordered what was described on the menu as grilled chicken with peanuts and raisins.  The dish came out covered in cheese.  Um, I thought the point of a menu was to describe the food that you can expect to eat.  Not so at Mallorca.  Also, my dish was entirely flavorless, and overpriced to boot.  I would NOT at all recommend eating here.
This is definitely not a tapassmall plates restaurant - it has a few appetizers, but it's mainly for main courses.Although the service was very attentive and friendly and the portions are huge, the food just sucks.The shrimp is a bit questionable.  I had bacon wrapped shrimp as my main course and the bacon was soggy, which made the meal disgusting.  Moreover, the meal comes with a side of boiled vegetables (which is a throw away as they lack seasoningflavor) and a side of "Spanish" rice, which I think is really Goya Mexican rice seasoning thrown onto rice.I personally would not go back...unless there are major changes to the quality of food.
Completely overpriced and totally underwhelming. That about sums it up. We had a girls night out and one of the ladies suggested Mallorca. I knew the bad rep Mallorca had (my husband and I ate here a few years ago and I have the same opinion now I had then) but I thought just maybe they have listened to the masses and changed their ways. Nope. Sorry to say they have not changed a thing.I ordered one of the specials of the day, sea bass and I looooooooove sea bass. I can never turn down a good thick piece of that fish. One friend ordered the paella and the other gal ordered a dish I don't know the name of but it was a seafood dish with a few different types of seafood. But out first came the salad that had way too much dressing on it (dressing was totally meh). When my sea bass was delivered I was so incredibly disappointed. It was this teeny little flat square that had been seared with way too much oil (I had even asked that they skip the butter lemon sauce because instinctively I knew it would be swimming in it). It was totally greasy, yet at the same time undercooked. I didn't know that the sides were served family-style so I thought that was all I got but it wouldn't have mattered. The side of vegetables was totally greasy as well and not creative in the least. Totally bland. The rice is exactly as all the other reviewers have described: Rice a Roni meets Zatarains. Totally bland and  you cannot convince it didn't come from a box. My friend's paella was terrible. Bland, overcooked and soupy. My other friend didn't even eat half of her seafood meal. And the final straw was when I got my check and saw that they charged $39.95 for my fish. Wha Pah-lease. Those are the same prices as Wild Rosemary and their food is absolutely stupendous and worth every penny. So fresh, so creative. This was total junk and a meal I could have gotten for half the price at Max and Erma's, or even better yet, Eat-n-Park. It was so bad.Yes, the service was great but who cares when you're so disappointed and angry about being so stooped on your meal I can't believe this place still gets business. And the service was actually a little annoying. The main server was great, but the assistant to the waiter came over at the end of our meal about 3 times asking us if we were finished and when we said no he just stood there looking at us like we just spoke greek. He clearly wanted us out of there.Mallorca: I have no idea why you won't tap into the reviews here and use them to your benefit. You have gold here. People are telling you they want to go to your establishment if you'd only serve good food at reasonable prices. I don't think that's asking much.I've now made 2 mistakes eating here. That won't happen again. Ever.
The service was exceptional...like nothing I've ever experienced.  Unfortunately, I can't say the same for the food which was borderline inedible.  I honestly don't think that I would ever go back (even if I were offered a free meal).
I not only wasted $20 but I also wasted two hours of my life. I think the idea of tapas is a great one but Arpa lacks severely on execution. The place itself is really cool and the service is great but you are only paying for atmosphere. The goat cheese balls are good but that's where the buck stops. I went with a large group, there were eight of us, so I got to sample a good portion of the menu. I would not recommend it to anyone I actually consider a friend. It is a poor sampling of Spanish influenced food. I left starving and aggravated.
Mediocre tapas. Also, the inside of the restaurant was uncomfortably hot on a scorching day and when I complained to the waitress, she told me that's how they keep it.We ended up eating outside. Servive was slow. A potato dish with no fish tasted fishy.It seems that Las Vegas still only has one tapas place -- Firefly.
I got here at 4pm on a weekday in Dec 2006 and maybe I had the skeleton staff because service really sucked ass. No smile. No checking back. Wrong orders. You gotta be kidding me.The gazpacho was good but not extraordinary and to my surprise, the waiter didn't even know what kind of olives I was being served. The sangria was good but... honestly... my glass was more ICE than it was DRINK.So sad because 4 years ago I ate at Babareeba in Chicago and had such an amazing experience. Fun, lively, great food, and very knowledgeable waitstaff. I talked about it for the following week!Going into the Las Vegas restaurant and asking a simple question about what kind of olives are in the olive appetizer and getting a blank stare as an answer was just the beginning of a disappointing experience.
If you are after a tourist trap, over- priced on the strip kinda place then Cafe Ba Ba Reeba is for you. Nice looking place, great location however horrible service and mediocre food.  Service was very slow, lots of managers looking on however the wait staff seemed to be non-exsistant.  Our drinks were served wrong then our dinner was served COLD, it was supposed to be hot.   The waiter never once checked back on us AND we had to ask a bus boy to get our check for us.  I'm a big fan of tapas and should have gone to Firefly instead!
Who wouldn't loves tapas! To be honest, when they listed empanadas on the menu, we decided we had to try it. But boy was that a mistake. It was pretty expensive, for such small dishes. We asked what size and how many empanadas we would get, it was only one small one for $8-9! So instead of tapas, we decided to order regular meals. We first ordered a Passion Fruit sangria. That was delicious, included some fresh chopped appleorangelemon, very refreshing, but not sure it was worth $15 for half a pitcher. The bread they served with the meal was also delicious, but they gave such a small basket, they couldn't refill it fast enough for us (nor for our ice water)! Sigh. For my meal, I went with the Meatball pizza for $11. The crust was thin and crispy and the pizza itself was pretty huge (couldn't finish it), but the oil from the cheese and meat just gathered in the middle of the plate and my crust soaked it all up. They also added some cherry tomatoes and basil, which definitely enhanced the flavor, but by the time my food came to me... the cheese already looked hardened. Disgusting. Unfortunately, the rest of our service wasn't that great either. Our waiter never came back for a water refill, and we actually finished eating our food and probably sat around for 5 minutes before flagging down another waitress for our bill. Also, they include an 18% gratuity for parties of 5 or more. What Ok fine, can we give less Whatever. Our meal came up to be $xx.90, so our friend wanted to break her 100 and get some change. They had the nerve to keep her extra 10 cents too, something about rounding up or some crap. I know it's only 10 cents, but based on how bad our service was, and just on principle, they should have given it to us. Ugh, never again.
I thought people came to Las Vegas for good food but I was extremely disappointed by this Tapas bar. Yea sure the happy hour is good but the food sure isn't. All I can say is PASS. And go to Mi Luna in Houston, Texas.
So disappointing! We loved this place when we lived in Chicago. The biggest disappointment was that the menus are different and they didn't have our favorite tapas (octopus with potatoes). It was a slow lunch crowd, but the service was pretty spotty. We only ordered one dish plus drinks. It was so meh, that neither my husband nor I can (3 weeks later) even remember what we ate! I suppose it's just as well since we'll never come here again.
One of the few restaurants that I went to without checking the yelp review and I have to warn you it is dissapointing. The best part of the entire experience was the sangria. All the tapas we ordered were bland. It was so bad that we did not even bother with the paella or the desert. I would never go back here. What a waste of a good location and ambience.
closed 21410
Not shocked this place closed.  The paella was HORRIBLE.  Actually they said it was paella, and I ordered paella, but I've never had what they call paella.  It sure didn't match what I know as paella and what they even showed on their website.  Good riddence!
I purchased a discount coupon for wine flights from Living Social for this restaurant, knowing we would be on vacation and may like to try out a Pittsburgh TapasWine Bar.  We had a terrible experience using the voucher, which is released via Living Social by the restaurant itself (it's their choice to put out this coupon), for those unfamiliar with Living Social.  The manager on duty on Friday night told the server two different things when we challenged her on the interpretation of the voucher.  We paid $15 for a "Wine Flight for Two," and she tried to say that we had to "choose one under $15 as the free one."  What free one  Can't she read the coupon they offered  We paid $15 already to get the voucher!  So it ended up being more expensive to use the voucher.  I would not go here again, based on the fact that they are trying to rip people off.  I'm also filing a complaint with Living Social, because they do a good job providing this service to those who use online coupons.  They don't need restaurants like this giving them a bad name.  As for the flights and food...they were okay.  We had two flights of wine, and some of the wines had been open way too long.  We also had a cheese platter and chocolate mousse.  The mousse was good.  But they didn't even tell you what was on the cheese platter.  For a tapas bar, that is very unusual.  The cheeses were nothing to brag about.Our server (Jacob, also the bartender) was great though!  He apologized and tried his best to resolve the situation.  Unfortunately management wasn't as concerned about guests in her establishment.
This was my 2nd trip to Ibiza. It has great decor and we really like tapas, so we decided to try it again. The first time we were VERY disappointed, the waiter was not good and the food was actually bad. So thinking we must have just ordered the wrong things we went back. The waiter this time was excellent. Unfortunately the food still horrible. The best thing about the meal was the free bread. I do not recommend this place at all, it is expensive and the food is not good.
It started off with a more-than-20-minute wait even though we had a reservation. After we finally got seated at the "tapas and wine bar," we waited for the waiter to come to the table. Finally he came, but he knew nothing about wine. We asked for a recommendation for a dry, minerally white wine, and after checking with someone else he brought us a sweet oaked chardonnay. Then there was the ceviche we ordered that didn't actually have avocado in it.. If you want generally mediocre food, consistently slow service, and waiters who don't know the wine or food, go to Ibiza. Otherwise, stay away.
My husband and I tried Ibiza for the first (and last) time. It's a nice looking space, but that's the last nice thing I have to say about it. We tried 4 tapas total, and found all of them underwhelming in flavor, and, in the case of the fried lamb chops, really bad. We both started with salads. I tried the marinated artichoke salad, and my husband had the grilled veggies. The veggies were probably the least offensive of the plates, as they were simply boring, and the artichokes had a weird flavor that I really could not describe or identify. I don't know what they use for a marinade, or if they open a can, or what, but they tasted bad. I love artichoke hearts, and I didn't even finish them. The salad greens were fine, and I liked the balsamic drizzle, but it appears on most of their plates, and that's not imaginative or interesting cooking by anyone's standards. I also ordered the tilapia ceviche with avocado. The ceviche was underseasoned, with little citrus and not enough salt, and had a weird bitter taste. The avocado was a slice served on the side, and I think they slice it ahead and leave it in a water and acid bath to keep it from browning, which had successfully leached it of any flavor whatsoever. The fried lamb chops were just as bad...an inferior, chewy chop with a bland crust and overly sweet sauce...yuck. When we sat down I ordered an amantillado sherry, and the server was stumped. Seems they don't offer a full line of sherries, so I went with the manzanilla, which I like just fine, but really A tapas bar with that limited a sherry offering Come on, guys, get it together. The owner of this estalishment should bring all of hisher employees to Cafe Iberico in Chicago to learn what a real tapas bar has to offer.
Went here with a party of five for my daughter's graduation. Our server did not seem very comfortable with the menu. He did not offer much in the way of ordering suggestions. We started out with both cold and hot tapas. The croquetas were excellent. The scallops were just ok. The tuna tartare was very fishy and did not appear fresh. The fried artichoke tapas was very good. The olives with cheese and serrano ham was tasty.  The spicy shrimp were very fishy, not spicy, and in a poor sauce. I had a chicken in a chorizo tomato sauce entree. The pieces of chorizo were tasty. In the dish which was small, there were three chicken wings and another piece on the bone. A very unimpressive dish. Another chicken entree was said to be dry. .The desserts were very small and not homemade. Overall, the meal was disappointing. Overall, not a great experience. We will not be going back.
I give credit where credit is due. Ibiza offers unique food options(even though they are over-priced.) The bread and hummus provided appetizer is a nice start, definitely a one-up on traditional bread and butter. I attended a graduation party on their outdoor patio in 2009. In my visits since then, I have been pleased with the service and food selection. All good things must come to an end I found this saying to be nothing short of the truth, due to my most recent experience at Ibiza. Back in May, I went to Ibiza for an 8pm, Monday(slow night for them) dinner, and had the worst dining experience of my life. Before I go any further...a tid bit of background information of my restaurant experience. Throughout high school and college, I worked as a waitress. That's eight solid years, folks. I worked at upscale restaurants and business clubs, serving the same type of clientele you would see at Ibiza. I know proper restaurant etiquette. That said, my three friends and I were rudely greeted by the host. He gave us that judgemental 'up and down' look like we didn't belong there. (Sidenote: we were all wearing appropriate dresses and heels.) Two of my friends had certificates to redeem. We knew the certificate rules...we couldn't sit together. We politely asked to sit at two, two top tables near each other since the restaurant was EMPTY. Sitting seperate would avoid ripping them off since we would order food and tip separate. I know how important tipping is, ripping them off wasn't even a thought in my mind. The host told us "no, it is against our rules." No further explanation, no apology, nothing. We tried to explain our position and asked why they would sit us across the room from each other in an empty restaurant! He kept repeating "those are our rules." He promptly left, leaving us to stand up front for 6 minutes (yes, I timed it.) So unprofessional!! The manager finally came to greet us, but he was also extremely rude and told us we could follow their rules or leave. He also did not offer an apology or explanation. My friends and I were baffled and I was ready to leave. My friends convinced me to stay so they could use up their certificates. Two of us sat at the bar and the other two were seated CLEAR across the EMPTY room from us. We didn't share food or any other infringment that would have 'ripped them off.' Ugh, Ibiza....rude rude rude. Restaurants are in business because they please customers. Every waitress job I had, we did EVERYTHING in our power to please the customer. Ibiza, you have failed...miserably. No second chances, no more good reviews.
Review Date: 08152009    My wife and I ate here last night and were really disappointed in the food. It's a nice looking place and the menu and service were ok. The house serves a small baguette and a ramekin of humus. The bread was average and the humus only tasted of garlic. Should have tasted of chickpeas with notes of garlic, it was heavy and cloying.    I ordered the roasted veg salad and the rack of lamb. The veg salad should really have been a tapas, not a large bowl of lettuce with some vegetables in it. The vegetables were bland and underseasoned and the balsamic dressing missed the mark entirely. This should have been a small plate of grilled vegetables redolent with sea salt and pepper and dressed in a fruity Spanish olive oil. We should have been offered fresh ground pepper with our salads, it would have helped them a little. The rack of lamb was 2 chops (not a rack) and they were deep fried. We couldn't taste the lamb under the terrible taste of the deep fryer and mystery batter. The sauce on the plate was bitter and the couscous was entirely forgettable. This dish was almost inedible.    My wife had the artichoke salad. Again, a huge plate of greens with a dozen artichoke hearts that had a terrible aftertaste. We both tried them and couldn't eat them. She followed with the ceviche. I had hoped it would taste of the ocean. Briny and just a little salty with bright acid tones and maybe a little green chili. This was as bland as you can imagine. The textures were good but the dish had very little flavor. I did catch a bitter lime note, we tried salting the dish and it was a little better but entirely forgettable at best.    Another second rate Pittsburgh restaurant. The owners would be served to import some chefs and maybe leave the area to try some better food to see what it tastes like before serving us this terrible excuse for a meal. My wife and I have over 25 years in combined food service experience.
we went for tapas on a saturday night, the food was awful, the cheese and meat plate was pre-prepared and so old an cold we hadto chisel the meat off with a fork and the cheese was stained from sausage slices resting on them for who knows how long! the rest got no better just more expensive, both the scallops and lamb we tastless, the calmari was soft and still had the stringy membrane attached, yuck! never going back
Nice decor, poor service and the food is over-priced and poorly executed. We were here with a party of 5 and nothing was exceptional. One tapas dish was really fishy. A few not bad. Main dishes were skimpy with no attention to quality and presentation. I do not recommend Ibiza at all. A waste of money.
Overpriced. Was blaring crap 90's trash-pop. Fruit flies everywhere. Some of the dishes were aiighhht but at tapas prices you expect perfection. Menu is too big.Next.
Sole', well I had high hopes, even though this was my second time there, and it was for one of my friends birthdays.  We all went out as a big group, and huh, well I am very blase' about this place the food is less than average, the service was good, the location is great, but the food is ... BLAH!  I Had to get extra order of habanero hot sauce for my Pork tenderloin, it looked like a frozen McChicken patty and when they brought out my plate everything was squared off like it was a TV dinner, and it didn't taste better than a Lean Cuisine either.  My girlfriend got the Fideau, basically a Spanish spin on seafood linguine.  And it was so-so as well, uh, if you have the choice I would pass on Sole'.Especially if you are expecting some sort of exotic Spanish food full of spice and pizazz, this place is not it.  Sole' ...No way... Thanks anyway.
I went to Sole on the weekend and found that it was so crowded and noisy I thought I would wait till later.  What better night to feed my paella hungrys than tonight when it rained cats and dogs - I was seated immediately and the noise level was bearable.  I ordered a house salad, paella Valenciana, thought I might have a dessert after.  I was served a very small roll with a small piece of very cold, hard butter and waited.  The salad was better than the standard peter rabbit variety of lettuce with a slice of tomato and was not ice cold, certainly a plus.  The paella came in a traditional paella dish with, I kid you not, three small clams, three muscles, a few pieces of squid, and a few shrimp.  The rice had little saffron flavor. The Sofrito  was extremely bland with little of the spices that one associates with this dish.  Basically Sole prepares this "all at once" so the flavors have little or no chance to "marry up" and the sea food being overcooked is rubbery. In other words you must "reserve" the sea food and add it back in at the last moment.  As for the rice it should not be disturbed at the end of cooking so the socarrat (a crispy caramelized rice) can form in the bottom of the pan (See recipe below).  I think if you can buy canned paella and warm it up in a microwave it might be a close approximation of this abomination.  On the way out I was asked  about how I liked my meal.  When I proceeded to explain to him why I was so disappointed he ask first where I had eaten  paella and suggested that next time i should probably eat it some where else.  At no time was I rude to this person and I was frankly astonished at his attitude.  So to all you yelpers I suggest that you too might want to consider trying to find real Spanish food somewhere else.  For my friend at Sole I hope that even though he assures me that never in 8 years has he had a complaint about their  paella he will take the time next time to have the real thing at either of the fine restaurants that I have referenced in NYC.  He might also like to check out this recipe- noting the importance of the socarrat, the Sofrito, and the gradual "building" of the paellahttp:www.yelp.combizel-charro-espanol-new-yorkquery:spanish%20foodThis restaurant is a treasure and has been  serving a very special crowd for over thirty years.http:www.yelp.combizsocarrat-paella-bar-new-yorkFor those who are not quiet as adventuresome as might be demanded by tiny little el Charro this is one of NY's best Spanish restaurants.http:www.paellapans.comPaella-Recipe-Seafood-a142.htmThis is close to the paella that I am accustomed to eating at el-Charro's -  note the emphasis on the proper forming of the SocarratRegardless of all this.  Common courtesy is something that I expect from any restaurant.  This place comes up short on just about every thing.
This place continues to be a joke.  The service is bad and the attitude of the workers is worse.  My order is never right and yet I still go...never again.  I officially deem this place the worst restaurant in Pittsburgh.
Worst service.  Dirty.  Slow.  Ignorant by the strictest definition.  Do not go here.  Bad!  Real bad.
We went to the Mad Mex in Cranberry Twp and won't make the mistake of going back. The food was horribly hot, like they just toss in heat for heat's sake, rather than for taste. I ordered the mole chicken enchiladas and that was NOT any kind of mole I've ever had. The sauce was more like a weak, thin ranchero sauce and both the sauce and the chicken was too hot. Even the guacamole was too hot. I recognize this restaurant chain is trying to be a trendy "fusion" of Tex-Mex and CA, but they failed. Luckily, they are in the same parking lot as a pharmacy so I was able to walk straight over for some Tums.If you want GOOD Tex-Mex, go to El Campo in Monaca or El Paso Mexican Grill in Chippewa. Both restaurants are excellent examples of good Tex-Mex, similar to the styles typically served in Central California.
This afternoon I took my 4 year old to this mad mex for lunch after a great morning swimming and doing a yoga class.  We had to send back our food because the chicken was stone cold (even though surrounded by sizzling veggies on a skillet).  It seemed like it was yeterday's chicken.  They brought out fresh food and I'm kicking myself for having eaten it.  The rest of our day has been spent cleaning up food poisoning accidents and in the bathroom.
While I LOVE Mad Mex, this one is to be avoided.  For whatever reason, they always seem to manage to mess up orders and on a couple of occassions, I've just not felt well after eating there.  Because it's a BB, I just keep thinking I had to be wrong about that.  But after waking up in the middle of the night with all sorts of unpleasant stomach issues, I've had to write this location off.  Go to Robinson instead... (Or BB, please, please get a new KM for this location!)
Being from LA, I was disappointed with the tacos. The Carne Asada was bland and didn't think this is authentic Mexican food but another street faire.
This review is for the taco stand in front of Reyna's, which is run by the same owner as Reyna's and Casa Reyna. Note that this is *not* the same stand as the one around the corner on 21st Street, across the alley from Pamela's.I got an order of three tacos from them on a cold day a couple weekends ago. The meat was cold before I could start eating it, and I assumed it had just cooled off quickly. Within a few hours everything I had eaten was leaving me in a hurry. I felt sick and weak for the rest of the day, and was better (and completely empty) the next morning.Never going back, of course. This doesn't directly reflect on Casa Reyna's inside restaurant, but since the same people run it, it makes me worry about their food handling standards.I'll probably keep getting Reyna's big bag of chips when I need them for a party, but I'm never eating any other prepared food from them again.
Worst service in the area, by far.   Once we were seated, it took the waitress 25 minutes to make her way to our table to take our drink order.  We finally decided to settle up 45 minutes after placing our order.   The food never made it to our table.   I have eaten at this restaurant before and  the service wasn't so bad.   The food is generally pretty good.  If you want to order Chicken, definitely get it shredded.
Seriously I waited in the drive thru for like 10 minutes. Finally I actually called the store and asked if there was a problem. The manager was like no why So I explained that we had all been sitting there for forever and I was trapped in the drive thru and couldn't get out and could he please start taking orders. His response was oh sorry I accidentally turned my headset off go ahead with your order. (I was 3 cars away).  Anyways I got my usual cantina bowl and it was okay... not great even by Taco Bell standards.
Wow, not a lot of one stars in my review history so here we go......Salsarita's was the first "Mexican" place I tried when I moved to Charlotte....from Phoenix. Needless to say, I had high expectations, even if it was a step above Taco Bell. My first experience was absolutely horrible--I ordered a burrito which was cold, wet and dripping some kind of funky juice. Gross.I went there a number of times after my initial bad experience and all I can think is no. I went there solely because for awhile were no other Mexican food options Uptown close to me and they offer a number of coupons in the Citpass book. But I've always been disappointed there, even up to last wk when I went there for the last time ever. Maybe it's the fact that the food had no flavor (seriously how does spicy salsa have no flavor) or the fact that any time I used my check card there and didn't give them a tip (you know since they prepared my food), they would add a $1 or $2 in the tip line.....every....single....time. No bueno, sorry Salsarita's, you are officially Salsash***ty's in my book.
This place is very close to my work, and I've gone three times as part of a group. The first two times, service was slow but not unbearably so. The food was decent, and the spicy mayo dip was really good.Today was my third visit. Halfway through my taco salad, I felt a clump of hair in my mouth. I fished it out, and although I really wanted to believe it had just fallen off my sleeve or shoulder, the clump looked nothing like my hair (blond) or my companion's (red).We calmly asked for the manager and explained the situation. He picked up the glob of hair off the napkin and told us that it couldn't be the restaurant's fault because none of the employees have dark-brown hair. (Every single one that I saw did.)Then he walked away, said something to the server that sounded like "wants a free meal." They brought me a bill for $3 for my drink and brought my companion her full bill.Gross as it was, I understand that mistakes happen. But when he implied that I was lying -- that pissed me off. If something similar had happened in my restaurant, I would have fallen all over myself trying to make it right, not insulted the customer.Total lack of class and decency. We will never go again.
Three of our five meals, the beef wasn't cook completely. We asked the manger to come over and look. He said the red came from the juices the cooked meat sits in. The food didn't taste right. We will not return. Sorry that no one cares here anymore
Oh my ...dont like the food here. Tried the Pad thai and the chicken fried rice ...the pad thai was disgusting and the fried rice was not enticing either ...wont be going back ...ugh
I ordered the chicken kabob on pita and that is all I got. No veggies, no nothing. Marinated chicken with fatty bits laying on a whole wheat pita. It was gross. Also unpleasant- the key to the womens restroom is on giant table leg so the guy working there can make some joke in front of the entire restaurant when he hands it to you. No thanks, I'm not amused.
I heard great things about Cambodican Kitchen, and I love Pho, so I ventured down Carson Street one night with some friends to try their food. Like some of the other reviewers, I was amused but altogether put off by their excessive signage in and around the restaurant. If paper products are that expensive, then cut down on the cheap signs and buy a chalkboard. Bazinga. At any rate, I went with a large group of friends and we all ordered different things. I ordered the noodle soup and an order of spring rolls. Although we all ordered at once, my order came out (and I am not exaggerating in the slightest), twenty minutes AFTER everyone else's. When my spring rolls finally did arrive, they were terrible! No shrimp, just lettuce and a tiny bit of cilantro in rice paper. I tried to complain, and I was sneered at.  At least they didn't deliver their jeers in sign form. I won't be returning.
You people are crazy. This food is beyond awful. The noodle soup is nothing like pho - it annoys me that they would even associate the two.  It's overly sweet and otherwise bland. The crispy lo mein was also overly sweet, and also overly salty. I love salt - my blood pressure is likely sky high - but this was awful. I couldn't eat more than a few bites of either dish. The shrimp rolls were good, but since they aren't comprised of anything but shrimp and rice paper, I'm not going to applaud them too much for those. I would like to note that this all occurred at around 1:00 AM, so my expectations weren't even that high.  Everyone who has given this place good reviews - I have to speculate when they ate this food, they were either black-out drunk or had a severe case of the munchies, or have never had decent (much less good) Asian noodle soup or noodle dishes.
The foods are so bad!! I can't believe it! That's why the price is way too cheap! Not worth eating here honestly. If you like it, it's just that you have a bad taste
Why 1 star Bad part of town, food not fresh.  We tried on a whim from great yelp reviews.  I was in Cambodia 5 months ago and really loved some of the food we had there.  I ordered the Amok fish, which was one of the best things I ate while in Cambodia.  Sekong's tasted like a bad frozen dinner that had been reheated several times.  I didn't finish it because I was scared I would get sick. Not impressed by the beef sandwich - beef wasn't fresh, bread was too hard, cilantro seems like it may not have been washed thoroughly enough.  The egg rolls and soup were nothing to write home about.Also, we were not aware this is not in a great part of town.  We wanted to sit facing the door but our bench was wobbly....booo.  We were on guard in the parking lot and finished our meal quickly and made our way back to the highway.Don't do it!
This place is off the main road. Right off. We came in and the place was more than half empty.It was a poor start. Seated fairly promptly but no drinks brought out for 5 minutes. There was actually no contact at all. Perhaps this is Cambodian or Arizonian () level of serviceThe menu is fairly straightforward. We got the amok fish, the phnom penh noodles and a spring roll.Spring roll was very much like a Vietnamese spring roll which isn't my favorite. It was ok but nothing special to me.The amok fish was steamed fish basically wrapped in a leaf. If this is Cambodia's best then I fear that Cambodians have been missing out on some amazing Asian food. Where was the curry and the flavor Shame it was like the service - non existent.Was also supposed to get an egg roll with my meal. Shame had to ask for it and by the time it arrived we had finished eating!! That's piss poor to me.The phnom penh noodle soup was like pho. It was ok but nothing special. Guess this place seems more Vietnamese to me. That's not bad but selling yourself as Cambodian....Not sure how this place gets such a high review...perhaps Phoenix is lacking in good Asian food. This is 2.5 star at best and that's being generous.
Having now got 2 people on my case I thought it would be best to clarify and explain perhaps in more detail.First off, I didn't mean any offense to Cambodian people as a whole and if they are upset I apologize for my tongue in cheek attitude. I don't know any and from this experience I'm not bothered by that in the slightest.Secondly, the selling off as Cambodian is an inaccurate statement which I'll happily retract here. It would be unfair to both Vietnamese and other Cambodian restaurants. I was more trying to make the point to those that were wondering what Cambodian food was like, that it is very much akin to Vietnamese food. It's not my fault there are more Vietnamese restaurants in the US and probably based on this I can see why.Generally I've found that places with a higher yelp rating are harder to get into which makes perfect sense to me. This place was NOT full (about half full when we came in) nor happening despite what the owner says! Funnily enough, he has the cheek to call me a liar! Insensitive comments - yes. Liar - no. (More on the owner's lying later)The poor start relates to that and the poor service which the owner disputes (I have no idea why this fact is disputed). If you have to wait over 5 mins. in a restaurant before contact (not physical contact as the owner oddly suggests) then that's a poor sign. I've only been to 500 places so what would I know!Then the owner decides that because the food is brought out that makes it excellent service Are you kidding me! That was the funniest comment so far. That comment alone is enough to confirm to me that they have no clue to the meaning of the word service. Bringing out dishes is a given! lol Nothing to do with service - I will say the plates were put down on the table nicely if that's what is being alluded toThe owner could just have asked where I'm coming from and I would have gladly responded with my opinion to which I am fully entitled as is the owner. Should probably think about "customer is always right" before launching a senseless tiradedefense of service! Try engaging your customers and explaining things if it is sooooo different!!!I'd add that the menu has a good number of items on it and never did I suggest that they should be able to make or sere every single type of Cambodian dish That was funny too.But by far the funniest is the comment about the egg roll coming at the end of the meal. Why would say that and then have a picture of the amok fish with an egg roll on yelp! Yet the owner calls me a liar Just own up - you forgot, had a bad day whatever. You think lying is going to make your place look better!If I were only judging this place against against other restaurants in the Phoenix area then I would have given it 2.5 stars. Not trying to be generous, I tell it how I see it. I'm glad other people had such an amazing experience but unfortunately we did not. The blame for that must primarily lie with the owner. I'd have thought you would want to satisfy your customers, not like to them!I give it a 1 star because I am comparing this restaurant to the many others I have visited and base if off the entire experience from start to finish. Why wouldn't I compare it That's how a rating can be generated! You have to know good to know bad, so that to me is the essence of rating a place, by comparing it to others. It's nothing to do with how fancy a place is or not. e.g. a hole in the wall restaurant with good food and service would get 5 stars to me, but a pricey steakhouse with amazing ambiance but ok food and good service would get 4. Lying to the customer gets 1 star.To finish (finally!) I apologize for the Cambodian references mentioned earlier, I meant no offense and hope to have cleared those up. However the service was appalling and the food lackluster. That was our experience. Nothing can change that now. Let's see if the owner can come clean or will they have to resort to more petty name calling like they are in the fourth grade!
What is up with the owner. If you're reading this, are you like the Sekong By Night Nazi I reviewed 3 stars for this restaurant and I get a whole novel, back-sass reply.  "eventually you found us!  Your mom should be proud." What does my mom have to do with anything What are you trying to imply Your restaurant was extremely difficult to find. Maybe you should get a BIGGER sign up because as you can read, MANY yelpers have gotten lost or stated that couldn't find this place.The soup did lack quite a bit of flavor. It was BLAND. It was actually a bland version of a wannabe Vietnamese soup my MOM could make at home. The soup came out way before the dish. Sorry your butt-hurt because I don't like your bland wannabe Vietnamese soup. I said it, what are you gonna do about it Few meats on a stick, a bowl of rice, vegetables, and a bland soup for 8 bucks is expensive. I really DID feel jipped. I didn't expect Cambodian food to be this "pricey," especially being in Central Phoenix. My bad, I AM comparing your prices to other asian restaurant in the area. Then again it was my first time actually at a cambodian restaurant and I wasn't satisfied. Again, don't be butt-hurt. About your sandwich, I can in fact get it somewhere else for cheaper. There are loads of Vietnamese restaurants in Central Phoenix that don't make their bread and also sell it for 2.00 plus tax. I don't know why you are still calling your sandwiches "Cambodian sandwiches," It may be called differently since it was sold at a Cambodian Restaurant but it's the exact same thing as a Banh Mi sold at a Vietnamese restaurant (my bad because I didn't call it whatever you named it on your menu) but except yours is over-sauced and very stingy on the meat. Why would I have to complain about my sandwich to you when I was there Shouldn't the staff know how to prepare the sandwich Am I a criminal for stating my opinion and experience on yelp YOU make me feel like I am a criminal for yelping three stars which means "A-okay". What did you want five stars The food wasn't "As good as it gets."If you would reply saying "sorry for being cheap and stingy on the meats." Then maybe I would want to actually return. ATTENTION YELPERS:Do not yelp lower than 4 stars or the Sekong By Night Nazi will come and get you.Again, this is sarcasm. Don't get butt-hurt.Get a life that isn't so focused on the bad reviews you get on yelp. You have so many good reviews, be happy about it. Your reply ticked me off so I had to reply even if it's been months later.
Went here for lunch yesterday with the boss. I did a very cursory glance over the menu on their home page and was delighted to see that they had pho-style dishes here. Then only spent a second to check the Yelp star rating before heading out from the office. I read the reviews, as well as the owner retorts, after I got back home from the office - and laughed over the "butt-hurt one".. *8-) Reminiscent of the infamous Amy's Baking Company review and reply.. http:blogs.phoenixnewtimes.combella201008ouch_todays_hard_lesson_on_yel.php for those of you who missed it the first time round..Anyway, I've never had Cambodian food before, but I'm a big fan of pho and quite partial to Thai food as well. I'm going to agree with the hard-to-findness of the location. The boss let me know where it is, Google Maps AND Waze tried to tell me where it is, and I still had to circle back and triplecheck the map out front of a 99c store before I inched back out onto Indian School and finally dodged into a tiny catty-corner parking lot with a giant Mexican circular water fountain oddly set directly into the tarmac. No other vehicles except the boss' motorbike. Inside, greeted by the waiter (I assume Yutheana) and sat with the boss. Place was completely empty (apart from us) but I liked the decor - including the concave xylophone up front which reminded me a bit of a dinosaur's ribcage. At the table, I ordered a diet cola. It tasted a little odd - not horrible or anything, but sort of.. either the syrup was off or someone had put a tiny bit of honey in it No matter. I found the description of their Phnomh Penh soup too amusing not to order it - "Got guts Wahey - so does this soup!" Who could resist heart, liver, intestines, ground pork and shrimp in a pho broth The boss ordered the Amok Fish.The waiter came over for a bit of a chat and overheard us talking about how the place was hard to find. Apparently they used to have a sign out front.. which went away for some reason. This place needs blinking neon lights and perhaps a sandwich-board holder wearing a pig intestine costume or something, because it's absolutely nondescript when you're driving past and I'm actually very surprised to see so many reviews - must be word of mouth visits because it sure as hell wouldn't be people going "Hey, check this Cambodian restaurant out that we're driving past.."Out came our dishes. High marks for presentation - it all looked quite appetizing, especially the fish dish. Unfortunately, flavour wise, mine was.. just a'ight. I honestly don't know what I was expecting, but it wasn't as confrontational a flavour as I guess I thought it might be. In fact it was rather bland. I love spicy food - especially Indian - but usually with pho I drown it in lemon or lime. I put a squirt of lime down on the top and had a few bites. Shrugged at my boss. Surprisingly the lime did nothing for this dish - but a couple of big squeeze bottles of hot sauce had been supplied and I used that instead. THEN the dish came somewhat alive! Interesting.Would I get the dish I got again Probably not if I was hungry andor after something with a little taste to it, but definitely if I wanted to shock friends. The boss didn't mind his but said there were probably four other dishes he'd like to try first before re-ordering the Amok. I didn't hate this place, I certainly didn't think the prices were too high like others observed, but it wasn't stunning enough to warrant more than a "passable" rating IMO.Now if only someone would open up a MALAYSIAN restaurant - the last time I had a decent laksa was over a decade and seven thousand miles ago. Sigh.Edit 20120414: I came to your restaurant looking for lunch. My review THEN went on to wish for a Malaysian restaurant, riding a completely different train of culinary thought. Imagine star number 3 on my review start to flicker as its batteries begin to run out.Edit 20121030: Dropped to a single star based on the smart-mouthed and completely unnecessary response from the owner. Will not return.
Before I get to the reason for the 1 star review let me give you a little bit of background.  I "Yelped" banh mi sandwiches for Phoenix last night because I was craving one and wanted to find out what Yelpers out there think are the best.  I was a bit surprised to see Reathrey on the list as they are not a Vietnamese restaurant, but having patronized the restaurant at least a half dozen times, I decided to read through the reviews.  My boyfriend and I originally went to the restaurant after reading the glowing article in Phoenix Magazine.  Our first visit there was pretty uneventful.  We ordered the Mi Keaw soup, spring rolls and the crepe (which by the way was served slightly burned with that side facing down- but I never complain about my food and ordered it again on later visits).  My only real complaint that first evening was the incredibly uncomfortable bench seating.  On subsequent visits we opted for the tables in the center of the space.  I have tried a number of different things on the menu and while having no other Cambodian food to compare it to I find it to be just meahhh.  My boyfriend on the other hand loves the Mi Keaw soup and has ordered it as take out a number of times and is the reason for our repeat business.  In my opinion the Pho at many valley Vietnamese restaurants is much tastier.Okay - back to the reason for the one star review.  So here I was reading through the reviews when I started coming across the owner's incredibly RUDE, SARCASTIC, CONDESCENDING, DISRESPECTFUL and downright UNACCEPTABLE responses to his less than stellar reviews.  I have three words for you GET OVER YOURSELF!!! I don't care if you are running a Michelan star rated restaurant (which CLEARLY you are not) that type of disgusting behavior will run your business into the ground.  I, for one, will be spreading the word and NOT in a good way.  Sincerely,A very disappointed EX-patron
Went there today. When I got in, no one was around to greet me. Stood there for a while and finally the waiter brought me to a seat. He then disappeared for 5 min. I ordered Amok today.  It took 25 min for my food to arrive even though there was no other customer in the restaurant. When I got my food, I was shocked as it costs $13 but the portion is so small. If they were to price it at $5, I will still think it is expensive as the portion is extremely small.....After finishing the food, I started to feel thirsty for the rest of the day... I guess it was because of too much MSG Anyway, I would not go back to this restaurant as it doesn't serve great food and it is so pricey.
Yuck food is greasy service stunk! I ordered a Philly sand which to find out they were out! Ordered French onion soup was way too salty. Mozzarella sticks ok but defiantly greasy! Waited 20 minutes for our check as we were told our server was busy. Needs a good cleaning also
Really don't get the hype around this place. I'd been once before in the early evening on a weeknight about a year ago and enjoyed it, but my more recent experience there on a Friday night was horrible. I'm a native Montrealer who now lives in NYC and came here with a friend from New York -- we both enjoy the cocktail bars in New York (Raine's Law Room, Little Branch, Weather Up...are some of my favorites) and I thought this would be a good place to go and try to impress people with what Montreal has to offer.There was so much wrong with the place this time that I don't even know where to start but I guess I have to somewhere.For a supposed "cocktail" bar, the drink list and quality is severely lacking. You need to offer something more interesting than a mojito or apple martini if you want to distinguish yourself from any crappy loungeclub on St Laurent. Moreover, the drinks should actually be good: Ours were way too sweet and unbalanced.(I also thought it was hilarious they couldn't make a Pimm's Cup because they were out of Pimm's! How does a bar run out of the base for one of the few drinks it offers That's like KFC running out of chicken.)Next, it was way too crowded. That wouldn't be terrible but this place is aiming for a certain sophistication (which it laughably misses). Instead of letting every single person outside into the bar, I'd rather just be made to wait outside for a bit until it clears out inside. It wasn't enjoyable having people pressed up against my back or waiting 20 minutes to makeget a drink order because the staff were overwhelmed.The crowd is amazingly douchey in a Jersey Shore way. Tanktops, basketball shorts, Wu-Tang t-shirts -- name the douchey clothing item and some guy there was wearing it. Absolutely classless, really. A little door policy would go a long way (shit like that doesn't fly in NYC), but clearly Baldwin Barmacie doesn't care.Music was deafeningly loud and a bad blend of generic house and techno. Again, is this a club or a cocktail bar I'm sorry, but hipster staff in Coke-bottle glasses and long spoons in drinks does not a cocktail bar make.Finally, it's not even nice in here. Sure, from afar it seems cool. But look closer (or better yet, just sit down). The tables are dinky and tiny, the chairs are dirty and the long bench against the wall is covered in some sort of cheap rubber-pleather.Going back to the beginning, the main problem is that the drinks suck. They're not at all interesting, they use cheap liquor (plastic handles...also, soda guns on the non-alcoholic side, instead of real stuff), are weak and they don't taste good. The bad crowd, bad music, and bad service don't help, either... but ultimately, the drinks just suck.Really wondering if I went to the same bar as everyone who gave this place 4 and 5 stars or if they just have no frame of reference. Barmacie Baldwin should either stop halfassing the cocktail bar thing, or give up and become just another bar in Montreal with crappy overpriced drinks (let me get one thing clear -- I'm perfectly happy spending 17 bucks on a good drink but the ones here aren't worth even 12) and greased-up shaved-head dudes in beaters.
Yo this place is for YUPPIES. If your a real punk go drink at CASA DEL POPOLO or L'Esco. The ambiance sucks and the menu is stupid. You go to pharmacies to feel better and bars can make you pass out blotto on the sidewalk in your own puke! Would a real pharmacy cause you that much misery No. So this place is, in fact, a logical fallacy (or phallacy for you pervs, boinggg!)
THEY DO NOT LIKE TOURISTS HERE, APPARENTLY.The food here was good. The drink(!) we each had was good. But we will never go here again.I came here with 5 friends for brunch while on vacation from the states last Sunday, it was highly recommended by a local friend with excellent taste. We were seated at a table upstairs with no other patrons (we did not think this was odd, given the size of our group, but the place was not that busy).We each ordered a drink (2 bloody marys, 3 mimosas) and received them about a half hour later. We gave our food orders at this point - it took awhile as they said they had no English menus and did not offer help, so we spent much time googling FrenchEnglish translations. This is likely what set the waiter off (sorry to exist, you xenophobe...). An hour and a half later, we got our food, spare our second drink orders, and my order was wrong (I am a vegetarian and asked for my meal without ham, no problem he said in perfect english...). 20 minutes later while my friends eat, they come back and I tell him the issue, but by now it's been too long to wait for another order so I just order toast. He brings the toast with the bills, but brings no knife to spread the jam. We tensely paid the bills with him there, and left the majority of our meals behind. We could not wait to get out.I ALWAYS tip 20 percent or higher, and this was the first time I did not tip at all. None of us did, and we are all normally heavy tippers. Absolutely infuriating.Maybe it's great for the locals, but this was total bulls**t. We never did get our second order of drinks, and it wasted over 2 hours of our time. Ridiculous. There is some irony in a western-themed place that is anti-USEnglish, isn't there
I go to Montreal every year for vacation and I tend to love everything about it. The food is wonderful, the people are friendly, the atmosphere is beautiful. Then I went to Le Saloon.If you're an Anglophone, avoid this place. A group of friends and I were recommended this place by a Francophone as a great place for brunch and cocktails. When we got there, we were seated in an inconvenient and out of the way second floor with no air conditioning on a very hot day. Even though we were sweating like oxen, we decided to try and make the best of it. However, their brunch menu was French only, and when we asked if there was an English-language menu, our waiter said no. Nonplussed, we did all of the work ourselves, translating every single item we wanted, since he did not try to help us once he knew we spoke no French. We ordered everything in French as best we could, along with drinks.The food and drinks were good, don't get me wrong. Everything else was awful. The waiter, who appeared to be afflicted with an attitude problem wherein he spoke perfectly serviceable English but chose to act like a buffoon out of a commitment to outright snobbery, took half an hour to even come back with our drinks and take our orders. The restaurant was nowhere near busy enough to warrant this, mind you. 45 minutes later, we got our order, which was chock full of meat that we had specifically, in French, requested be left off of it for our vegetarian friends in the party, rendering the food uneatable. Finally, after ordering a second round of drinks to stave off the heat, half an hour of being ignored convinced us to cancel the outstanding order and have our checks brought to the table.Let me make one thing clear. I tip. I tip 20% across the board, unless the service is bad enough to dip below that or stellar enough to warrant more. The service was so half-assed and passive-aggressive that I broke this rule and didn't tip a cent. If I could subtract my tip from the total I would have felt somewhat assuaged.In closing, I hope I don't have to point out the hilarity of a cowboy-themed bar being insulted that awful Americans would grace their establishment. Nice to see our culture is good enough for you to structure your business around but our money isn't good enough for you to put any effort towards earning.
This was the first time I came to this place at night and it was a crapshoot. We waited a good five minutes to be seated, another twenty to get an English menu for my anglo only friend and all of it came with reprehensible attitude. They can't command their price premium with service like this.
Good decor, great toilets, horrible food and bad  attitude from Martin the waiter in my section.The decor was nice and the toilet beautiful.Food was horrible, I ordered pizza it was dry, very dry..still to my dog' taste,  is very dry,, but.according to Martin (cute hairy waiter)  this is the way or NO way...Worse place to go if not part of the gay dream...Cheers!
i used to be a fan but after my last experience here... I'm thinking its time to scout another resto in the village! now, their are many to choose from... too bad this one lost its luster!I normally have the Ibiza salad, which is a greek salad with chicken but Ibiza is   in Spain... that s another story, I was shocked to see a salad was $21!!! wtf... and its not even that amazing!!this night I had the saloon burger, one of their staple burgers... a no brainer, but the bread was dry and crumbling, the meat was precooked and overcooked! My friend had a burger too, same issue with the meat and bun... but he had a poutine! I had a taste of the poutine, it was disgusting and had no flavor...Mcdonalds makes a better poutine!I think its time to get back to the basics and become a restaurant instead a wannabe resto-club!
Overprice and OverratedI was here on a Friday for lunch. The service was abnormally slow as it took the waiter over half hour to bring us our drinks.  The nachos were worse than the ones at Kelsey's - barley any cheddar cheeseThe drinks were weak and the fries were super, super greasy!I will never go here again!
This place is just highly over rated! Really! The food is mediocre, drinks are weak, obnoxiously loud without reason, over staffed and slow service. Lets not forget the over priced tag that comes with all the above mentioned. It's unfortunate that my fellow queers are mesmerized by flashy objects and lights - as this is the only appeal to this place that I can see. Do yourself a favor and use Yelp as it was intended and find yourself a better restaurant.
I initially sent this review to the restaurant only.  However, since they did not have the courtesy to even respond, I will now post it on Yelp.We dined at Verses a Friday in November expecting excellent service and meal execution.  Neither occurred.  We were clearly an afterthought to our server, but that is the lesser of the issues.  It was the food that failed and was so extremely disappointing, especially for the price.  But, this review has nothing to do with price.  We dined at Au Pied de Cochon the previous evening and spent an equivalent amount, however the level of attentiveness and quality and execution of the dishes was so far above that of Verses.  We had four dishes, and I would have been forgiving of one dish below expectation.  However, when 3 of the 4 are almost inedible, I feel the need to address the situation.We started with the foie gras torchon (as expected) and the sweetbread.  The sweetbread was very minimal and completely overcooked, dry and falling apart as we attempted to eat it.  It lacked flavor and the richness typically associated with the dish.From there we had the wild boar and the cod with poached egg.  The boar was overcooked - certainly not the medium rare we ordered - as well as tough, chewy and flavorless.  It reminded me of a cheap pork chop.  The cod was extremely overdone - dry and cold.  The 'poached' egg was hard-cooked. Had our server come to check on us, we would have mentioned these issues.  He did not.Last, we ordered dessert and coffee for my husband.  Our dessert came.  The coffee arrived about 10 minutes later.  By then we had no dessert.  There are many better options in Old Montreal than this pretentious, ill-performing restaurant.
Acceptable (but not great) food, terrible service.
It is indeed a shame that such a nice boutique hotel like the Nelligan should have such a disappointing restaurant! We should have believed the YELP reviews.While the restaurant was quite nice the food was poor to fair at best, the menu very limited and the prices sky high. It was twenty minutes waiting for the check before we left telling the hostess if she wanted to be paid to send the bill to our room.The manager did call to apologize and offered to send up two glasses of Port with the bill.We left Montreal with wonderful memories of great meals along Rue St.Paul. Unfortunately Verses was not one of them.
Never been before and went on a Thursday night at 6PM before a show. Upon arriving, all the good seating near the windows was blocked off for private use (and remained unused). The "host" told us to go find our own seating wherever we wanted. The setup is interesting with a large open bar area and a small number of tables around the perimeter. We took a seat at a table. The bar seating was fairly full with some milling around in the area and standing, and probably a total of 30 people there. We saw at least 5-6 staff, a couple sitting around playing on their phones.We sat at our table for 20 minutes and never had a single person come by, not to say we will be there shortly, not to take a drink order, nothing. We could tell this wasn't going to be good so left and no one even noticed.It was a little more bar than restaurant, so we weren't sad to leave.
I never ate here nor could have possibly gotten a drink no one would wait on me.My friend who wanted to be a socialite of some kind asked me to come with her. I don't know what she was thinking. Not my scene whatsoever! We had come from a free Devo concert. I was dressed in converses,  a side pony tale, and bright pink 80's garb. I have never seen so many idiots occupying one space. The chicks looked at me like I was an alien. Not everyone needs to wear 5 inch heels, gobs of makeup, and clothes that is so tight that your breathing is impaired just to get a little cleavage popping out of a minuscule ugly dress. I like fashion, I love heals. It was the glassy, vapid, duplicates that I saw that made me give my friends a hug and kiss then seriously BOLT out the door! Super bad energy in this place. I jumped in the first cab I saw and headed to Lawrenceville. I didn't even say goodbye to the friend who had brought me there. Smoke bomb disappeared! She knew I would hate it but just didn't want to go alone. I was pissed.The night was not lost. My awesome "fiends" from LA (stunt man Curtze, and Elvis impersonator slash gangster screen writer) met me out and we dive bar-ed the rest of the evening away. I meant to write "friends" but didn't change it because fiends, haha... much more appropriate. I am not saying that people who like this place are any particular sort. Some of my favorite people like Bossa Nova. Just stating my personal experience.
Extremely disappointed.    My wife and I walked into the restaurant to have the hostess tell us that is was open seating.   Okay, that's fine..... as we walk to find our table I'm wondering 'why don't the just have a sign there because she wasn't  very friendly, nor timely with the direction.'    That said, we sat down at a table set up for dining that was nicely presented.   Unfortunately we sat at the table for approximately five minutes without recognition from any employee at the restaurant.   At this point, we decided to dine elsewhere.   As we walked out, there was still not one bit of attention given, again.   The hostess never lifted her head from whatever she was reading.   I think that a sign would have served a much better purpose.   On the back side it could have said "thanks for your business" .....or lack, there of.
The menu was small and underwhelming. The flatbread pizza most likely came out of the box. They didn't have the sauces, so the gave us ketchup to go with over cooked shrimpbacon and extremely greasy fries.
I live very close so I decided to have a light dinner and drinks before the salsa crowd was wheeled in.  I noprmally google a menu before my visit to have an idea of the cuisine.  I sat at the bar and ordered wine.  (stemless glasses, huge turn off, but there are trendsetters, and everyone else).  The actual menu was the menu online chopped in half. (There were only about 6 items on the actual menu).  I chose the shrimp skewers.  I was literally the only person at the bar outside the staff, that consisted of 5 20somethings eating humus and crackers and a 40something with a cheap french press dolling out samples to the others.  I was served the spicy shrimp and offered no water, or receptacle for said shrimp's tails.  Bad service!  I was LITERALLY THE ONLY PERSON at the bar.  My wine glass remained empty for at least 10 minutes before my server found a loll in her humus eating gabfest to see if the one customer may need something.  After I finished the second glass, I managed to flag down one of the all black outfitted staff who was still eating something with her finger as she went back behind the bar to ask for a check.  I've been to BOSSA NOVA many time before, and I understand the short service when a the bar is beyond capacity, but again, I was the only person at the bar.  There were some people seated at tables, but the bar, just me.  So if you are looking for wannabe pretensious night club full of party goers that can't remember what going out looks like, than you've found it.  If you want, good food, good music, and a fun atmosphere, then run over the valet at bossa nova on your way to anywhere else!
Luna used to be my favorite restaurant when it was on campus. It has changed. I don't know the reason, but it is just not the same restaurant.The last two times in a row that I went there, someone I was with ordered poultry and received it uncooked. I mean purple and bloody, too, not just slightly pink. I swear to god it could have clucked, Each time, a waitress unapologetically whisked the dish away to be cooked further only to bring it back still bloody. I have never seen poultry THAT undercooked in a restaurant before. Ever. And the cooks couldn't even cook it through the second time The person who ordered it touched the meat and said it was quite cool. For crissake I know the recession is bad, but can they really not splurge for a frickin meat thermometerMeat like that should never be served, but the fact that both times it was sent out AGAIN with cold, purple blood-pools inside was just sick. On top of that, the food isn't as good anymore, they took 20 minutes to seat us even though we had a reservation, and they refused to give us any kind of discount even though the meat was not edible! They didn't apologize or act like they cared at all. It kills me to write this, but Luna as C-U knew it is gone.
Food was overpriced and low quality.  Service was very slow during lunch hour and servers didn't bring out some drinks and amenities even after being asked twice.  Orders were messed up.  Very unorganized.  We ordered the Luna Club which was greasy and a salad which was drowned in dressing.  Had to ask for silverware.  2 hours for lunch is too long.
OK- this review has been a long time coming.  I have visited Luna four times now and each time is worse than before.  First off, the service is always slow and they seem to consistently be out of specials.  I have gone for lunch multiple times and it always averages two hours b.c. the service is soooo slow.  Now, onto my dinner last night.  I sat at the bar and ordered a glass of wine- which promptly came in a dirty glass complete with a lip imprint!  The waitress apologized and then announced she was the only server in the whole restaurant and the place was full!  She also mentioned that they started their new menu last night and she had no idea what was on it.  Classy. I ordered the lobster ravioli and after 10 minutes, she returned and said "I don't know why this is the special.  The chef is searching for the pasta."  No thank you.  I changed my order to the chicken dijonaise.  It came out looking decent until I took a bite.  There was so much salt on it, I couldn't eat it.  This place is so overrated it's not even funny.  I wouldn't be surprised if they closed down soon and honestly hope they do.  The service is awful, food is less than mediocre, and it's overpriced.
Let me start by saying, if zero stars were an option, that's what they'd get! Not once, not twice, but I made three separate visits to Luna, each one worse than the last! I will speak of my last visit because it's fresh in my mind!It was Monday night, 10032011 around 6:45pm. I stood at the door for the better part of 10 minutes before I grabbed my own menu and finally seated myself. I saw the waitress running around the restaurant, frantically trying to accommodate everybody. She finally made her way over to me and took my drink order. Since I had ample time to look over the menu, I already knew what I wanted and had placed my food order at that time as well.I ordered the fried goat cheese as an appetizer and the Filet--cooked MEDIUM! My goat cheese came out about 5 minutes after ordering. Looked great...but she forgot my bread. When I got her attention and asked her for the bread that is suppose to be served with the goat cheese, she told me they didn't have any fresh bread ready, but there was some in the oven. Needless to say, 10 minutes had passed before my bread came out! Now my goat cheese was cooled and not easily spreadable! From that point, I waited for an additional 15 minutes before my meal came out. It looked great! The seasoned fries that came with the fillet were pretty good. As I sliced into my fillet, a pool of blood came gushing out!!! I cut the fillet in half, down the middle and spread it apart. It was so red and bloody, it almost looked purple! The center of the fillet was cool to the touch! I immediately got the attention of the frazzled server and brought it to her attention. She apologized and took the steak back to the kitchen to be put back on the grill. I sat and waited another 15 minutes before I saw my fillet again. It was the same piece of meat brought back out with fresh garnishments. I parted the fillet once again, only to find my steak was just as bloody and bright red as the first time! Now I'm livid! It was once again, cool to the touch! Keep in mind, I'm paying almost $30 for this dinner, without appetizer or drink. I brought the server back over and asked her if she thought my fillet was cooked medium...she hung her head in shame, apologized once again, and agreed with me that the fillet sitting in front of me was nowhere near medium. She pulled the plate back and was going to take it back to the kitchen when I stopped her and told her to box it up, and I will take it home and cook it myself! I gave Luna 2 different opportunities and around 90 minutes of my time, only to be disappointed again! I boxed up my fillet, paid my bill, and left the restaurant mad, once again! The only thing she did to compensate me for my experience was, a free drink. Meanwhile, I paid a $42 bill, for a horrible dinner, for myself! The service sucks, their attitude is horrible and the food is so overpriced! If the owner would call me today and offer me a free meal, I would hang up on her! I'm never going back! I've wasted enough time and money in that place! If you choose to go, best of luck!LUNA GETS SHUT DOWN FOR HEALTH VIOLATIONS!  PLEASE READ...http:cu-citizenaccess.orgcontentnew-records-show-more-restaurant-inspection-failures
Uggggg....OK, so I used to love Luna when it was on campus.  LOVE. IT.  Which I guess is why I have repeatedly attempted to continue my love affair at the new location.  First and second, I went with a group for brunch.  The place was nearly empty the first time, but we waited forever for the food.  My second trip, our group had reservations and we still waited 45 minutes! I enjoyed my breakfasts (poached egg  with lox) but the service was suck.Third (and I'm afraid final) visit was a disaster.  This was another large-ish group (about 12) with reservations.  Drink orders were taken but never filled.  Our food orders were not taken at the same time; not even close.  I was the last person to order food (by about 20 minutes) but the first person to receive my meal.  On the other hand, my husband didn't receive his dinner until after the rest of us had eaten!  All of this happened while thirsty patrons are still waiting for their first drinks.I ordered risotto that night.  Mistake.  It was like a sticky sort-of rice pudding that was cold and just all wrong.  The very delicious-looking fries were sort of like my risotto, cold and wrong.  The steaks that my friends ordered looked great, but some were not cooked to order.I think the most annoying part of the night was that the restaurant will not accept more than two credit cards from a party.  They will split up the check, but they will only allow two parties to use plastic.  In this day and age, I don't know how this kind of policy could even be imagined, but we asked the waitress to combine some checks so that we could accommodate.  Of course that was all wrong and took another half hour.I also wish they wouldn't cram their tables they way they do, especially next to the door.  It's so cold, loud and crowded.  And by the way, on our way out the back to parking lot, I could hear all of the employees in the kitchen yelling about how they couldn't wait to get out of there and that they hated being there...my sentiments exactly.
I just read that this place was temporarily shut down by health inspectors for scoring -9 out of 100 on their inspection.  Disgusting!
I WOULD RATHER EAT OUT OF THE GARBAGE ... than eat at Cafe Luna again.The day we went they had a set menu for $45 a person. 4 courses. Without exaggeration, THE FOOD WAS DISGUSTING. This was my first time here, so I didn't know what to expect. The restaurant looked nice, good atmosphere. The service was fine.FIRST COURSE: Lox with cream spread and bread and OystersThe salmon tasted like it was two weeks old. It had that rancid fish smell you get when you buy old discount fish from meijer. The oysters were the same. Terrible.SECOND COURSE: Coconut Shrimp and Mixed greens with beetsThe Coconut Shrimp tasted like it came straight from the buffet line at a cheap Chinese restaurant. Cheap quality. I wouldn't be surprised if it came from some frozen bag at costco. Mixed greens with beets was pretty good. THIRD COURSE: New York Strip Steak and Lamp ChopsI swear on my life this is the worst steak I've ever had. The meat was tough and stringy. It was WAY over-seasoned. And it was like 50% tough, inedible fat. I could make a better steak when I was 12. The Lamb Chops were so tough, we couldn't even eat them. DESSERT: Berry pastry, flourless chocolate cake, and some shitty marshmallow thing covered in chocolate and coconutWhat can I say Dessert was the best part of the meal. And it was still awful. The pastry was fine. Nice and flaky. However, the flourless chocolate cake (portion was the size of my thumb) was subpar, and the marshmallow dessert tasted like sugared tar. It was impossible to chew.Dropped $120 with tip (two people) for the worst food I've ever had at a respectable looking restaurant. I understand it was a set menu day and their tapas are better. However, what self-respecting chefcook serves food this low-quality to anyone on anyday I enjoy good food, but I'm definitely no snob. This was just unacceptable.
They took down my review twice..... It was not offensive at all except stating the facts. Yelp should stop letting the owners easily taking off the reviews......
the WORST MEAL EVER! btw, i wrote a much more detailed review, which mysteriously disappeared.my boyfriend got food poisoning here. it ruined out trip. the food was overpriced and a JOKE. like a chain restaurant, straight out of a can. the mushroom tart was literally canned mushrooms in that sauce that comes in a can dumped over a reheated frozen triangle of pillsbury puff pastry.perhaps the owners should get out of vegas and travel to spain or at least a few spanish restaurants before claiming to serve tapas food.STAY AWAY!!!
i really don't understand the popularity of this place.  my friend and i came here for lunch and we were underwhelmed.  thought the food was subpar and the sangria had bits and pieces of fruit with the edges all brown and gross.  the only redeeming attribute was the al fresco dining and the people watching.  will not be returning
This place is overly rated from a locals standpoint, for those of you out of towners that like a party scene this might be the place for you folks. This might be a place to get a quick bite before or after clubbing. The food is just so so, not great. The portion are not satisfying for the price you have to pay per dish. As for the Sangria, it's alcohol and what is there not to like about anything that's mixed with alcohol....it's so overly advertised by some of the yelpers. Been here a couple of times with friends from out of town....and can't really say...."ummm I remember that was good you gotta try it!" Don't really have a dish that you have to go back for more of. The steak skewer was dry, the mushroom with puff patry was tasteless, the Firefly Fries was soggy, if you have a big party your gonna have to order a couple of orders per dish if you want enough to go around. The music of this place is loud that you'll have to shout across the table to talk to your friends and the place is so dim that you have to be careful of what your putting into your mouth. Overall, the service was poor. The hostesses working there seems to have some kind of attitude problem...they first ask you if you have a reservation to make it seems like you should know better to make one next time ...cause we're sooooo busy!
Just say no. The food was aweful! Atmosphere was trying but LACKING!I will say my friend hadn't had Spanish tapas ever and thought it was okay, not great though.
Tapas usually are Spanish specialties. Those are anything but Spanish. No taste or should I say all taste the same. Looks like they use the same sauce base for all. Yerk!.  No management either. Staff comes out of the kitchen with mouthful chewing on food and are constantly chatting. I went to the bathroom and this waiter was   leaning against the wall, behind my back, texting on his cell, while I was taking a leak. We left and no one said thank you or goodbye or anything whatsoever, not even the two little smarties at the host stand. I will NEVER go back and certainly not recommend it either. Avoid at all cost.
how come this place still open. I will think because the people that come here have never try REAL TAPAS so they don't know the real flavor.This place is really bad. The restaurant sell tapas well let me tell you this  place  is not tapas plus the chef here need to go to Spain to learn how to cook some real tapas.   The paella was really bad no flavor, the sangria no good. No stars from me
not sure why this place has so many decent reviews.the 1 star just goes to the sangria and that is it.food was not memorable, food was not appetizing to eat or to look at.service was horrible...do not come here........ i came here because i was told its a good local spot..... but stick to the strip with all the amazing chefs at the hotels....
This is the 2nd time I've been here.  The 1st time was two years ago when I was on leave from Iraq.  I came during lunch and sat at the bar.  Had a great time and the bartender treated me really well.  Food was fantastic-I mean I had better tapas here than I did in Madrid, Spain.Wanted to come back and swung on by on a Saturday night.  Real mistake on my part.  I didn't realize this was a hang-out place for the "hip" crowd.  OK, so I really detest the hip crowd but I didn't let this sway my opinion.I sat down at the bar and waited a bit and the bartender gave me a menu.  At the same time I ordered a glass of their red sangria which was recommended to me the 1st time and I really liked.  The red sangria is still really good.  So I perused the menu and it looked pretty much identical.  made a couple choices and waited.  Waited a bit more.  Finally the bartender comes to me and I mention that I haven't been here in 2 years.  Just as I was going to tell him my order he turns to help one of the waiters that comes up.  OK, np the bartender supports the waiters-I got this.  So I wait some more.  The bartender either completely forgets about me or ignores me.  I wait a while now, deciding to be a nice guy and try to give him another chance.  He takes someones else's order that walked up to the bar while I'm sitting at the bar.  I wait a good while and I'm finally feed-up.  Seriously  I flip the menu over to see the price on my glass, put out exactly $6.50 for the drink on the bar and exit.  I was flabbergasted.  It's been a while since I've gotten this kind of treatment.  And the bar is really small.  There was me, and maybe 5 other people at this bar.  I'm thinking he just decided to blow me off.  Amazing.  I would have given this place 5 stars two years ago but now...Maybe in the future I'll revisit at lunchtime again and write an update for this place but until then, I guess I just wasn't hip enough for this place.
My partner is suffering from food poisoning right now as I write this review - thanks alot firefly.  We assume it's from the chicken skewers or an apple salad - these are the only things I didn't try of his, Thank God.  We ate around 8pm on 42511, he was throwing up by 11:30pm.  It's 2:21am now and he's still praying to the porcelain god.  This is horrible and obviously we will never come back - I feel disgusted and almost want to ask you for a fucking refund.  We weren't expecting a side of salmonella or e Coli with dinner tonight.  Also, thanks for ruining what was a great vacation thus far.
I swear to god, I tried almost every. single. dish. And I honestly wanted to love this place but everything was mediocre at best. The best part of the meal was the paella, but the seafood here just isn't very fresh - you know when shrimp gets mushyrubbery when frozen And I can't believe I dropped so much for those "filet mignon" burgers which were so overrated! I would recommend against the sangria as well which was wayyy too sweet. The people were really nice, and it's good for groups, but it's really just not very good food.Sorry Firefly!
I not only wasted $20 but I also wasted two hours of my life. I think the idea of tapas is a great one but Arpa lacks severely on execution. The place itself is really cool and the service is great but you are only paying for atmosphere. The goat cheese balls are good but that's where the buck stops. I went with a large group, there were eight of us, so I got to sample a good portion of the menu. I would not recommend it to anyone I actually consider a friend. It is a poor sampling of Spanish influenced food. I left starving and aggravated.
Mediocre tapas. Also, the inside of the restaurant was uncomfortably hot on a scorching day and when I complained to the waitress, she told me that's how they keep it.We ended up eating outside. Servive was slow. A potato dish with no fish tasted fishy.It seems that Las Vegas still only has one tapas place -- Firefly.
I got here at 4pm on a weekday in Dec 2006 and maybe I had the skeleton staff because service really sucked ass. No smile. No checking back. Wrong orders. You gotta be kidding me.The gazpacho was good but not extraordinary and to my surprise, the waiter didn't even know what kind of olives I was being served. The sangria was good but... honestly... my glass was more ICE than it was DRINK.So sad because 4 years ago I ate at Babareeba in Chicago and had such an amazing experience. Fun, lively, great food, and very knowledgeable waitstaff. I talked about it for the following week!Going into the Las Vegas restaurant and asking a simple question about what kind of olives are in the olive appetizer and getting a blank stare as an answer was just the beginning of a disappointing experience.
If you are after a tourist trap, over- priced on the strip kinda place then Cafe Ba Ba Reeba is for you. Nice looking place, great location however horrible service and mediocre food.  Service was very slow, lots of managers looking on however the wait staff seemed to be non-exsistant.  Our drinks were served wrong then our dinner was served COLD, it was supposed to be hot.   The waiter never once checked back on us AND we had to ask a bus boy to get our check for us.  I'm a big fan of tapas and should have gone to Firefly instead!
Who wouldn't loves tapas! To be honest, when they listed empanadas on the menu, we decided we had to try it. But boy was that a mistake. It was pretty expensive, for such small dishes. We asked what size and how many empanadas we would get, it was only one small one for $8-9! So instead of tapas, we decided to order regular meals. We first ordered a Passion Fruit sangria. That was delicious, included some fresh chopped appleorangelemon, very refreshing, but not sure it was worth $15 for half a pitcher. The bread they served with the meal was also delicious, but they gave such a small basket, they couldn't refill it fast enough for us (nor for our ice water)! Sigh. For my meal, I went with the Meatball pizza for $11. The crust was thin and crispy and the pizza itself was pretty huge (couldn't finish it), but the oil from the cheese and meat just gathered in the middle of the plate and my crust soaked it all up. They also added some cherry tomatoes and basil, which definitely enhanced the flavor, but by the time my food came to me... the cheese already looked hardened. Disgusting. Unfortunately, the rest of our service wasn't that great either. Our waiter never came back for a water refill, and we actually finished eating our food and probably sat around for 5 minutes before flagging down another waitress for our bill. Also, they include an 18% gratuity for parties of 5 or more. What Ok fine, can we give less Whatever. Our meal came up to be $xx.90, so our friend wanted to break her 100 and get some change. They had the nerve to keep her extra 10 cents too, something about rounding up or some crap. I know it's only 10 cents, but based on how bad our service was, and just on principle, they should have given it to us. Ugh, never again.
I thought people came to Las Vegas for good food but I was extremely disappointed by this Tapas bar. Yea sure the happy hour is good but the food sure isn't. All I can say is PASS. And go to Mi Luna in Houston, Texas.
So disappointing! We loved this place when we lived in Chicago. The biggest disappointment was that the menus are different and they didn't have our favorite tapas (octopus with potatoes). It was a slow lunch crowd, but the service was pretty spotty. We only ordered one dish plus drinks. It was so meh, that neither my husband nor I can (3 weeks later) even remember what we ate! I suppose it's just as well since we'll never come here again.
One of the few restaurants that I went to without checking the yelp review and I have to warn you it is dissapointing. The best part of the entire experience was the sangria. All the tapas we ordered were bland. It was so bad that we did not even bother with the paella or the desert. I would never go back here. What a waste of a good location and ambience.
closed 21410
Not shocked this place closed.  The paella was HORRIBLE.  Actually they said it was paella, and I ordered paella, but I've never had what they call paella.  It sure didn't match what I know as paella and what they even showed on their website.  Good riddence!
First of all, this has nothing to do with Tapino's food or service. It may be great. In fact, that's what we were hoping.Secondly, we are big fans of what Chef Porter is trying to do. We have great respect for them advocating the locavore movement & using local farms & vendors. We're huge fans of local farmers markets & buy all our produce there. We're also huge fans of local independent restaurants & business and patronize them as much as possible.So the birthday fail begins...One more thing. Birthdays in my family are a big deal. Food is a big deal. We all grew up working in my dad's restaurant (the Glass Door) & food is hugely important to us. For birthdays, we do a fancy dinner & a family dinner. This was a family dinner. Lots of thought goes into choosing the place for each occasion. This was also my wife's birthday. Kind of a big deal for me. For family dinner, we all go so we need a place that isn't too hard on the budget & that suits different dietary needs (some vegetarians, some food allergies). Looked at a ton of places & figured that we should try Tapino as they had a great fooddrink special & we were into what they are doing. Figured it would be a gateway meal to us coming back a great deal more. Ok, very last thing, kids... So we brought our kids. We've brought our kids out to eat since they were born & they know & appreciate good food. They've been places like Sea Saw, Nobu, Bouchon, etc. They know how to behave & are always expected to behave.So to the story...Called Tapino yesterday & spoke to the manager & asked if they could take a party of 12 for happy hour. She said they normally don't take reservations for happy hour but would be ready for us. Asked if they had 2 high chairs for the kids. She said no but they had low chairs & low tables on the patio that would work great. So we're in good shape, rightWell today, I walk in myself (without kids) & say that we are here for the party of 12 wkids. The hostess said no kids allowed in bar nor on patio (as they allow smoking on the patio) & they don't serve happy hour in the restaurant & just lets it sit at that. Pretty weird. Was almost as if they'd were ready for us. Ok, so if you don't want kids in your place...at least tell us. I dragged 12 people out & set their expectations & was excited to have the perfect place to celebrate my wife's birthday. Then we get there & you say sorry, nopeAlso, there wasn't a single person in the restaurant at this time. It was about 5:45. Not one.I'm like in shock so I tell her I spoke with someone yesterday & she understood our situation & that we were coming in. She said that she was right there when I spoke with her manager & they don't allow kids in the bar or on the patio & they don't do happy hour in the resturant. Ok, I get it. Probably heard this 7 times when I was there.Might as well have said go away, leave, we don't want you here.She eventually said that the manager was there & she'd have her come talk with me.During the wait, I asked about last night's locavore dinner & told her we were excited to be there as we'd been following them on Chowhound & the Phoenix Hound Gathering group. Also told her I'd been talking with one of the farmers that was in for the previous night's event. Basically I let her know we know what they did & were into it. Might have factored in a bit Nope.Eventually, the manager came out & they chatted.The manager then came over & changed the story & said we could sit in the bar at a couple of benches but kept reiterating that the kids couldn't make any noise nor move around at all. Ok, fine. First of all, we expect the kids to behave. If she'd left it with one mention, maybe we'd have just sat down. But with repeated mentions of no noise, no moving around, it was obvious they didn't want us there. I told her I felt that way & she said that wasn't the case but it rang quite hollow.I went outside to talk with the family & figured we'd probably go elsewhere as we really weren't wanted. Went in to tell the hostess (manager was nowhere around) & got a perfunctory sorry.Just seems like such a customer service failure. If they'd wanted us there, they could have refrained from making us feel unwelcome. Or if they were uncomfortable with kids being in the bar or on the patio, they could have easily set us up in the empty restaurant & offered us the same fooddrink.Or they could have told us their mantra "no kids in the bar or on the patio, no happy hour in the restaurant" on the phone. Maybe it was a bad situation for them but if it were me, I would have tried a little bit harder to find a solution that wouldn't have so alienated us.I don't know. I'm epxecting to see Chef Porter at OTFM & am friends with people who work with him & maybe we'll come back (sans kids of course) but right now it sure doesn't feel like it & it's a major bummer as Tapino seems like a place that is doing excactly what we love & we could have been huge fans.
The folks at Tapino need to buy a dictionary and look up the word "Hospitality".  I have never been so offended in my life as a patron of a restaurant.  I had the owner or manager personally come to our table and let us no that we had to "be cool" and make sure we kept it down (for the 1 other table on the other side of the restaurant) When he returned a second time to lecture us like 10 year olds, I canceled the appetizers and we left and went to Mastro's City Hall where we racked up a tab of $1,000 and were treated accordingly.  From what I noticed from the Friday night crowd at Tapino's and the poor customer service, I don't think this strip mall blunder is going to make it!
I was treated to lunch here and even for a free lunch it was not satisfying.First my french onion soup had very little flavor, almost watered down.  The cheese was overcooked and clumping and the bread was just... bread in my soup.I had the short ribs for my entree.  The ribs where extremely dry and overcooked.  The portions are small and the meat was so inedible that I didn't even finish my meal.  What flavor that was infused was just sauce cooked onto the meat and no flavor from the meat itself.  I was extremely disappointed.My guess is that they garner the majority of their business from out of towners staying in the hotel it is connected to.  This will definitely not be in my lunch rotation downtown.
It amazes me when I run into someone working as a waiter or waitress who doesn't understand that when people are dining out they aren't just purchasing food, but rather both the food and the experience which goes along with it.This past Saturday my friend and I were visiting downtown Pittsburgh and had a lot of choices as to where we would dine and after 30 minutes of placing our order at The Sonoma Grille, we knew we had made a bad choice. Our waiter was arrogant and distant with us, seeming as if he had everything else but our dinner on his mind. After placing our order and and receiving our water we waited almost 15 minutes before having to flag down our waiter and asking him if he had forgotten our bread. He simply said he'd get it. 10 minutes later it showed up at our table, delivered by someone else.His disconnect with us and lack of attention left us wanting more, and was probably the reason why when our food showed up, that it was prepared wrong.Although my dinner partners food was correct, my medium well done meat was almost raw inside. No waiter to be found anywhere, so I approach who looked like the manager, who went into the kitchen to correct my order. 15 minutes later I approach the manager again, asking him if they had forgotten about my meal.10 minutes later he reappeared with my food, which I declined to eat, since our meal had been ruined by this time. NOW, finally our waiter shows up to stand behind the manager as he explains that he would wrap my meat to go. As our waited stood behind him with a smug grin on his face, I couldn't help but think that he was in the wrong line of work and that we had just wasted our money since we really never got to eat together in reality.I truly am amazed at this fine looking restaurant and the fact that they do serve good food, but that they forget that more than half a dinner experience is in the presentation and atmosphere and that although the food is good, they completely ruined our evening with not just bad service, but a lack of service completely. What good is serving good food if you serve it prepared incorrectly, not on time and with an attitude I wouldn't accept from anyone in passing let alone someone whose job it is to make sure our dining experience is an enjoyable one.
Dinner on Sunday night was a disaster.  The  butter plates on our table were dirty. (yuck) Both of the Moroccan lamb ravioli dishes arrived cold, twice!  The lid on the coffee pot fell off and the waitress poured coffee on the table and on my husband's jacket.  No apologies,A bus boy dropped a huge tray of dirty dishes next to our table.   I would describe our dining experience as surreal.Doubt we'll ever return certainly not for dinner.  IMO management needs to better train the entire kitchen and dining room staff,  (The price of one of the ravioli dishes was taken off our bill,)
My experience at Sonoma Grille was terrible.  We just left the restaurant about 15 minutes ago and I am writing this review while the experience is still fresh in my mind. My husband and I were excited to try Sonoma despite its relatively high prices, basic menu, and muted Olive Gardenish decor.  We very much looked forward to the night out but were shocked by the inexperienced waitress, the poor service, and the undercooked food. We ordered appetizers, a salad, and 2 main dishes.  My husbands pork was completely rare and cold when it came out.  Instead of taking the entire dish away, the waitress suggested he just put the pork on a small side dish so it could be re-heated.  Um, what  Seriously  For a fine dining restaurant, no dish should come out raw nor should the meat be separated from the rest of the dish to cure the problem.  Kind of ruins the idea of serving a "dish" afterall.   The rest of the food was ok, but, not worth the high price tag.So then we sat and waited.  And waited.  I finished my entire meal before my husband even got his served at the right temperature. It was strange, awkward, and sad not to be able to share what is supposed to be a fine dining experience with my husband. The manager, Kevin,  came over 3 times, asking "is there anything we can do for you" and "Sir, sorry, next time this won't happen".   Well, needless to say, there will not be a next time. And the answer to "Is there anything we can do for you"  is basic restaurant management, Kevin.... you either comp the meal or at least comp a glass of wine.  You did neither.  And we didn't ask because we aren't that type.
On a recent business trip to the area, we decided to check this place out - as did about half of the other convention attendees.After waiting an hour to be seated, we were promptly informed that they were out of bread and three entrees.  I realize that they were slammed from the convention center but, considering they're a block from the convention center, you'd think they'd research events and be a bit more  prepared. It pretty much went down hill from there.  The drinks were bad and the food was mediocre.I will say that the service was great as was the ambiance of the restaurant, though neither was enough to compensate for everything else.
We recently visited Sonoma Grille before going to a play.  Hands down it was the worst service that I have ever received.  It took one hour and ten minutes to get our food.  The biggest issue was that the server and manager were down right nasty to us.  I mean nasty.  They did not charge us for dinner and offered us a gift card to go back- we didn't even take the gift card because we will never go back.  Same goes for Seviche and NOLA, their sister restaurants.
DON'T VALET PARK YOUR CAR AT SONOMA GRILLE!!!$1, 700.00 worth of damage was done to our brand new Lexus while it was in the care of Sonoma's valet service. After several weeks of stalling and a bit of a runaround, they finally told us today will not take responsibility for the damage. Our nice Sonoma Grille dinner was transformed into a very bitter memory!
Awful service and mediocre food. Going in and going out were terrible experiences due to folks that have no clue about promptness or how to speak to people. Sandwiched between fatty steaks, bland bacon dishes (how do you pull that off) and stale desserts.
I am very sad to report that our service was poor for Sunday brunch. We waited over 45 minutes for a meal that was eaten in about 15 minutes, as it was a simple order. The restaurant was fairly empty, so crowds were not the issue that affected service. The food was very good, and I would go back again in hopes of better service.
I just don't get this place. Is it because I've lived in Thailand, have travelled throughout Spain and Vietnam, and am obsessed with sushi Methinks not. I strongly believe that good food is good food, regardless of how authentic it is. Unfortunately, I've been disappointed by Zen time and time again. Sushi: not freshNoodle dishes: greasyTapas: beyond upsetting. How do you mess up patatas bravasHibachi: soupyService: great, but that doesn't make up for the foodAm I just ordering the wrong things I live across the street and keep going back in hopes that I'll see what everyone else sees.
I purchased a discount coupon for wine flights from Living Social for this restaurant, knowing we would be on vacation and may like to try out a Pittsburgh TapasWine Bar.  We had a terrible experience using the voucher, which is released via Living Social by the restaurant itself (it's their choice to put out this coupon), for those unfamiliar with Living Social.  The manager on duty on Friday night told the server two different things when we challenged her on the interpretation of the voucher.  We paid $15 for a "Wine Flight for Two," and she tried to say that we had to "choose one under $15 as the free one."  What free one  Can't she read the coupon they offered  We paid $15 already to get the voucher!  So it ended up being more expensive to use the voucher.  I would not go here again, based on the fact that they are trying to rip people off.  I'm also filing a complaint with Living Social, because they do a good job providing this service to those who use online coupons.  They don't need restaurants like this giving them a bad name.  As for the flights and food...they were okay.  We had two flights of wine, and some of the wines had been open way too long.  We also had a cheese platter and chocolate mousse.  The mousse was good.  But they didn't even tell you what was on the cheese platter.  For a tapas bar, that is very unusual.  The cheeses were nothing to brag about.Our server (Jacob, also the bartender) was great though!  He apologized and tried his best to resolve the situation.  Unfortunately management wasn't as concerned about guests in her establishment.
This was my 2nd trip to Ibiza. It has great decor and we really like tapas, so we decided to try it again. The first time we were VERY disappointed, the waiter was not good and the food was actually bad. So thinking we must have just ordered the wrong things we went back. The waiter this time was excellent. Unfortunately the food still horrible. The best thing about the meal was the free bread. I do not recommend this place at all, it is expensive and the food is not good.
It started off with a more-than-20-minute wait even though we had a reservation. After we finally got seated at the "tapas and wine bar," we waited for the waiter to come to the table. Finally he came, but he knew nothing about wine. We asked for a recommendation for a dry, minerally white wine, and after checking with someone else he brought us a sweet oaked chardonnay. Then there was the ceviche we ordered that didn't actually have avocado in it.. If you want generally mediocre food, consistently slow service, and waiters who don't know the wine or food, go to Ibiza. Otherwise, stay away.
My husband and I tried Ibiza for the first (and last) time. It's a nice looking space, but that's the last nice thing I have to say about it. We tried 4 tapas total, and found all of them underwhelming in flavor, and, in the case of the fried lamb chops, really bad. We both started with salads. I tried the marinated artichoke salad, and my husband had the grilled veggies. The veggies were probably the least offensive of the plates, as they were simply boring, and the artichokes had a weird flavor that I really could not describe or identify. I don't know what they use for a marinade, or if they open a can, or what, but they tasted bad. I love artichoke hearts, and I didn't even finish them. The salad greens were fine, and I liked the balsamic drizzle, but it appears on most of their plates, and that's not imaginative or interesting cooking by anyone's standards. I also ordered the tilapia ceviche with avocado. The ceviche was underseasoned, with little citrus and not enough salt, and had a weird bitter taste. The avocado was a slice served on the side, and I think they slice it ahead and leave it in a water and acid bath to keep it from browning, which had successfully leached it of any flavor whatsoever. The fried lamb chops were just as bad...an inferior, chewy chop with a bland crust and overly sweet sauce...yuck. When we sat down I ordered an amantillado sherry, and the server was stumped. Seems they don't offer a full line of sherries, so I went with the manzanilla, which I like just fine, but really A tapas bar with that limited a sherry offering Come on, guys, get it together. The owner of this estalishment should bring all of hisher employees to Cafe Iberico in Chicago to learn what a real tapas bar has to offer.
Went here with a party of five for my daughter's graduation. Our server did not seem very comfortable with the menu. He did not offer much in the way of ordering suggestions. We started out with both cold and hot tapas. The croquetas were excellent. The scallops were just ok. The tuna tartare was very fishy and did not appear fresh. The fried artichoke tapas was very good. The olives with cheese and serrano ham was tasty.  The spicy shrimp were very fishy, not spicy, and in a poor sauce. I had a chicken in a chorizo tomato sauce entree. The pieces of chorizo were tasty. In the dish which was small, there were three chicken wings and another piece on the bone. A very unimpressive dish. Another chicken entree was said to be dry. .The desserts were very small and not homemade. Overall, the meal was disappointing. Overall, not a great experience. We will not be going back.
I give credit where credit is due. Ibiza offers unique food options(even though they are over-priced.) The bread and hummus provided appetizer is a nice start, definitely a one-up on traditional bread and butter. I attended a graduation party on their outdoor patio in 2009. In my visits since then, I have been pleased with the service and food selection. All good things must come to an end I found this saying to be nothing short of the truth, due to my most recent experience at Ibiza. Back in May, I went to Ibiza for an 8pm, Monday(slow night for them) dinner, and had the worst dining experience of my life. Before I go any further...a tid bit of background information of my restaurant experience. Throughout high school and college, I worked as a waitress. That's eight solid years, folks. I worked at upscale restaurants and business clubs, serving the same type of clientele you would see at Ibiza. I know proper restaurant etiquette. That said, my three friends and I were rudely greeted by the host. He gave us that judgemental 'up and down' look like we didn't belong there. (Sidenote: we were all wearing appropriate dresses and heels.) Two of my friends had certificates to redeem. We knew the certificate rules...we couldn't sit together. We politely asked to sit at two, two top tables near each other since the restaurant was EMPTY. Sitting seperate would avoid ripping them off since we would order food and tip separate. I know how important tipping is, ripping them off wasn't even a thought in my mind. The host told us "no, it is against our rules." No further explanation, no apology, nothing. We tried to explain our position and asked why they would sit us across the room from each other in an empty restaurant! He kept repeating "those are our rules." He promptly left, leaving us to stand up front for 6 minutes (yes, I timed it.) So unprofessional!! The manager finally came to greet us, but he was also extremely rude and told us we could follow their rules or leave. He also did not offer an apology or explanation. My friends and I were baffled and I was ready to leave. My friends convinced me to stay so they could use up their certificates. Two of us sat at the bar and the other two were seated CLEAR across the EMPTY room from us. We didn't share food or any other infringment that would have 'ripped them off.' Ugh, Ibiza....rude rude rude. Restaurants are in business because they please customers. Every waitress job I had, we did EVERYTHING in our power to please the customer. Ibiza, you have failed...miserably. No second chances, no more good reviews.
Review Date: 08152009    My wife and I ate here last night and were really disappointed in the food. It's a nice looking place and the menu and service were ok. The house serves a small baguette and a ramekin of humus. The bread was average and the humus only tasted of garlic. Should have tasted of chickpeas with notes of garlic, it was heavy and cloying.    I ordered the roasted veg salad and the rack of lamb. The veg salad should really have been a tapas, not a large bowl of lettuce with some vegetables in it. The vegetables were bland and underseasoned and the balsamic dressing missed the mark entirely. This should have been a small plate of grilled vegetables redolent with sea salt and pepper and dressed in a fruity Spanish olive oil. We should have been offered fresh ground pepper with our salads, it would have helped them a little. The rack of lamb was 2 chops (not a rack) and they were deep fried. We couldn't taste the lamb under the terrible taste of the deep fryer and mystery batter. The sauce on the plate was bitter and the couscous was entirely forgettable. This dish was almost inedible.    My wife had the artichoke salad. Again, a huge plate of greens with a dozen artichoke hearts that had a terrible aftertaste. We both tried them and couldn't eat them. She followed with the ceviche. I had hoped it would taste of the ocean. Briny and just a little salty with bright acid tones and maybe a little green chili. This was as bland as you can imagine. The textures were good but the dish had very little flavor. I did catch a bitter lime note, we tried salting the dish and it was a little better but entirely forgettable at best.    Another second rate Pittsburgh restaurant. The owners would be served to import some chefs and maybe leave the area to try some better food to see what it tastes like before serving us this terrible excuse for a meal. My wife and I have over 25 years in combined food service experience.
we went for tapas on a saturday night, the food was awful, the cheese and meat plate was pre-prepared and so old an cold we hadto chisel the meat off with a fork and the cheese was stained from sausage slices resting on them for who knows how long! the rest got no better just more expensive, both the scallops and lamb we tastless, the calmari was soft and still had the stringy membrane attached, yuck! never going back
Nice decor, poor service and the food is over-priced and poorly executed. We were here with a party of 5 and nothing was exceptional. One tapas dish was really fishy. A few not bad. Main dishes were skimpy with no attention to quality and presentation. I do not recommend Ibiza at all. A waste of money.
Overpriced. Was blaring crap 90's trash-pop. Fruit flies everywhere. Some of the dishes were aiighhht but at tapas prices you expect perfection. Menu is too big.Next.
The gelato counter was disappointing.  The woman who served us told us that it was "rated in the top 5" gelatos in the country and added that it was "from Philadelphia."  Isn't that the same as "not made fresh in Pittsburgh"  When we asked if we could mix flavors, she said that we couldn't do that because "it's too messy."  What she should have said was that the portion would be too small to able to mix.  She oh so carefully dipped less than a full scoop and dropped it in the cup.  The gelato wasn't good enough to be short scooped, even in a fancy chocolate shop in the Strip district.  Maybe they figure that the tourists who stop there won't be coming back anyway.  If you find yourself at Mon Aimee Chocolat and want gelato, leave immediately and go to Mercurio's on Walnut St. in Shadyside.   There you'll find better gelato, more flavors, which you can mix, and you'll be served with a smile.
I wish I hadn't wasted my time to drive all the way out to this factory.  When I pulled up I couldn't tell if it was open as the parking lot was empty (should have been my first clue).  It was about 2p on a Thursday and the factory part was done for the day I guess as no one was working.  No free samples just a decades old video going.  No employee greeted me or even noticed I was there.  BIG WASTE OF TIME!
I've passed this place a dozen times then one day, armed with a nasty yearning for some sweets, my girlfriend and I went on in. To our amazement, finding actual candy in this store was harder than finding Waldo in a picture....with no Waldo! There are a few scattered racks of your general Hershey fare but not much else. There is a wide variety of M&Ms but no matter how many colors it comes in, its still the same candy! The little fun house walking tour inside is a little amusing, until you realize that you have to turn around and walk back through oncoming foot traffic to get back out. Thank goodness there were elevators at the top floor which allowed me to bypass the escalators on the way down. After being to the Hershey's store in Hershey, PA (after the factory tour) I left this Vegas spot feeling disappointed, misled, and down right cheated. It did kill my craving for chocolate though.
This place was insultingly overpriced even at tourist trap and novelty standards.  If you are in the mood for something like this try the Coke store next door.
Capitalism at its worst. These kinds of stores are  a waste of time. Good for the kids though. That is if you want them addicted to sugar.
Okay, why da heck would one spend $13pound on a bag of m&ms here You can get the same thing at Walmart or Target or Costco for 2lbs at $7-8!!!! Yes, its cool that they have different colors but like Alex R. said in his post, they'll all be the same color in the end. The only thing that saved it was the 3d movie, which is probably the only free thing on the strip.
TO DAMN CROWDED. I didn't get a chance to go to all the floors and see everything,could'nt by my little cousins anything because the lines were to damn long, then people are bumping into me knowing that they've bumped into me and could'nt say excuse me. After that shit I got irritated and left.
is it REALLY necessary to a lavendar colored m&ms or any color that's not included in the ones they sell in stores they all taste the same for goodness sakes!go to the nearest store, pick up an economy sized bag of m&m's, separate the colors, bag it up, and tie with a pretty ribbon.there.....no one will know you didn't get it from m&m world. and you saved a bunch of money. you're welcome.
This store was a major disappointment. It's on a dirty part of the strip, was crowded, and was totally and completely uninteresting. Even my daughter was bored. I thought the store would have a more interesting design...or at the least would have interesting products. All they have is excessive (and tacky) merchandising, a few extra colors of M&M's and that's about it. They don't carry any of the interesting M&M flavors or limited editions. Skip it and spend more time in the Coca-cola store.
All M&M at VERY high prices -  go online and save the visit.
I love M&Ms, but I don't love them enough to deal with the insane crowds.  I only went here because my sister wanted to check the place out.  I just don't see the point of a multi-floor store dedicated to a candy.  Sorry.
Two words: Tourist TrapThe store was so crowded you couldn't even walk around, everything was overpriced.
Their chocolate may be good, my wife or I will never know.  Went to the shop in Terminal C after a conference in Vegas and wanted to get some chocolates to bring home to the wife, but ran into customer service logic issues.  I wanted to get the 16 piece box where you pick the kinds you want (which would be perfect since I know what my wife does and does not like), but they where out of empty boxes for those. They had 24 piece empty boxes. So logically I asked they could just use the 24 piece box and use that for the 16 piece pick box  (ie get 16 pieces in a 24 piece box, pay for 16 piece but the rest would just be empty).  But was told no because that would have to be approved by a manager that is in another terminal shop apparently and I would have to talk to her since that would somehow screw up their inventory system (really! you want me to walk to another terminal in a large airport, talk to the manager to get approval, etc. hum lets see I'm in an airport going to catch a plane, pretty sure I don't have all day to walk to different terminals).  It was then suggested they could bag them with their plastic bag.  Gee what could possible go wrong with a loose bag of chocolates in a backpack stuffed into the overhead compartment on a crowded airplane,  can you say mashed chocolates.   Sadly just ended up saying forget it and ended up going somewhere else to get something completely different.
Being from Louisiana, I'm a huge Smoothie King fan.  Lately they've changed all of their recipes and no longer use any real fruit.  Their general smoothie recipe is now 90% ice and 10% fruit juice.  GIANT waste of money as it probably costs them about 50 cents to make a large.  You can do better.
I just paid $20 for two drinks.  This place is delicious and healthy but the price is absolutely ridiculous.  The kale isn't fresh it's frozen. The drinks are good but not worth the price. Just juice at home or go to a neighborhood market.
Rip . off.  Thief People Up In There.
Not impressed. My coworker and I were waiting for a movie across the street and decided to try and beat the heat by getting some ice cream. I have allergies to soy so I have to be very careful about what I eat as it is in *everything* these days. There were two gentlemen in the store one dark haired and kinda sullen looking,  the other heavy set. I failed to get their names as I was quickly put out by our experience and just wanted to leave. The heavy set guy was busy with a customer so we asked the dark haired one if there was nutritional information available and politely explained I had allergies and had to be aware of everything I eat. He looked at us blankly and kind of put out sounding responded "I have it in a book." There was a pause as he just stood there staring like we were some sort of circus oddity. Finally, my coworker politely asked if we could see the book. Without saying anything and with a slight roll of his eyes he turned, grabbed the book and shoved it in my face kinda rudely. I took it from him and turned away from him because it was clear he had some sort of problem. I remarked to my coworker "Friendly... Love that" because he clearly was not.Perhaps he despised his low paying job. Perhaps he thought we looked too low class to be in his presence. Perhaps he was having a bad day. Perhaps he was just a jerk. Whatever the case, his unfriendliness and and our unwelcome  were palpable. I flipped absentely through the book but quickly decided I really had a problem giving money to a store who had employees that seemed to think openly treating customers with disrespect was okay . Handing the book back to the employee in question, I smiled and said thank you as we left. As if this wasn't enough, as we were leaving I noted that he never took his eyes off of us and even kind of elbowed his co worker and started making some sort of comment while staring us down through the window of the store as we left. They chuckled amongst themselves if full view of us as I watched. They seemed not to care that I could see their every move. When I called back after we left and asked to speak to a manager, at first I was put on hold while whoever answered said they would go get the manager. A couple seconds later, the same person came back and said, "Oh I'm sorry. She's not here." He then informed me he had no idea when she would be back in. Call me crazy, but I find it hard to believe in a store of that size one could be unaware their manager was no longer in the store and further could not give me any sort of estimation of when she was expected except to say she was "usually" around in the morning. At any rate, I have scarcely been treated so rudely in a customer service environment ever. So, to the manager, whoever you may be, I would suggest you inform your employee he should endeavor to adjust his attitude towards paying customers if he intends to continue working with the public. Honestly, I really don't care what his problem was. Not my issue. I couldn't care any less what he thought of me or my coworker. However, I steadfastly refuse to give my hard earned money to a store which allows this kind of blatantly unacceptable behavior from one of its employees. Next time, I'll just find a Ben and Jerry's or simply endure the heat without aid.
Why would a person want to go into a place where they virtually never get your order right.  How does an order for 2 large pomegranate smoothies with wheat grass blended in become half a banana with a side of wheat grass and a small pomegranate smoothie with a side of wheat grass  What is worse when the fellow making the order argues with you that the order is right and you are wrong  This is typical of the place.  A friend likes to go in there or they'd never see me again.  I make them read back what I order or they don't get my AMEX,   You can make then print out an itemized receipt.  I'd suggest it.   In all fairness, I can tell you they have gotten my order correct one and a half times.  That's not saying much is it.The company could also spend a little money on some sound proofing this place.  I agree with Nadia C, with all the mixers going and the music, it's not some place you want to be for long.  But, they could spend the money to train their staff to learn how to ring orders properly, so making the place a little more quiet obviously is wishful thinking.The parking leaves a lot to be desired now that the Verizon office is a few doors down from them.  You'd better be fast when there is an empty spot or it can really become ugly.The best thing I can say for the place is they have good oatmeal.I have truly enjoyed writing this review!If you really want a much better smoothie go to Robeks on the NE corner of 16th and Camelback,  It's cleaner, nicer set up, and they have a magic ability to get your order right.
The smoothie I had today was not wonderful. And the staff did a great job of disrespecting me. I am very unhappy with the way I was treated.
Horrible. Don't go to this location. They don't follow the parent company's lead.
This location does not accept Groupons, stay away from here and go somewhere else.  You'll have a headache by the time you get out of the store.
The respect from the workers there was flat garbage. I got a text saying you can get a buy one get one free smoothie. I go in there and ask them about the buy one get one free and the cashier denies it exists. I have the text and it came from Jamba Juice. He had NO respect towards me. Later, he completely ignored me. I used to come to this Jamba Juice a lot and now I'm not. If they get nicer staff that have better attitudes then I will consider coming back. But until then i will never come back. If I can give this place a negative 10,000,000 stars I would. Customers would be happier if Jamba Juice on Thunderbird Road got new staff. This is pitiful!!!!
If you want to be treated rude by the staff and enjoy sub par smoothies then this is the place for you.   I love smoothies and had never been to a Smoothie King and was in the area so decided to give it a try.  Big Mistake!!  When I entered the store there was an older man towards the front and a younger girl making smoothies towards the back.   The place only had about two people in it.   No greeting given by the older man at the front.   The menu here is very, very hard to decipher.   The menu board is so discombobulated you don't know what end is up.   It lists the name of the smoothie for example, "Cranberry Cooler" or "Immune Builder" but they don't list what is in these smoothies.    You have to look at a "to-go" menu to have the smoothie ingredients explained.   I asked the older man what was in the "electrolyte mix" (as this was listed as part of the ingredients in a smoothie I was considering)  his answer to me was "ARE YOU KIDDING"   "You have electrolytes in your body.  They are minerals"    I have no idea why I even continued with my order after this rude treatment.   Anyway,  I ordered a "Light and Fluffy" smoothie.    Basic ingredients;  OJ, Banana, Strawberry.   It was average at best.     On the expensive side too.  Over $5.00 for a small.   Sorry for the long review but this place deserves only one star.
The guys working here seemed very bothered I wanted to purchase a smoothie.  Very unfriendly!!
Although the smoothies are quite delicious, it is FAR from natural. Everything is frozen and preserved, i've noticed. This pisses me off! They advertise like they are healthy and support the customer's well being when in reality they're just sticking all this sugar down our throats. I soon realized after I ordered my drink (for the first time) that it had about 800 calories for a small and 70 grams of sugar!! Not so healthy if you ask me. The management is corrupt. They always made the poor employees work alone and although it would get incredibly busy, they didn't seem to mind. This comes across as SELFISH, and I refuse to support a company that operates in such a way. In addition to this, Sean (tall black guy) would always try hitting on me, he has made uncomfortable remarks and he was VERY unproffessional. He would stand and talk to me for hours and I CANNOT deal with that when I have obligations to address on a daily basis. This made me dread coming into Smoothie king. Overall this place is trash, I definatley wouldn't recommend it.
The other day I went here and the person spilled on my cup and barely wiped it off. And he had a big old nasty bandage he should have at least covered it up more. And when I was ordering the girl wouldn't even let me finish my sentence. Overall my experience was horibble and I have a big family so they just lost about 11 customers pluse we have now told all Of our friends and family.we do go there about once every week or two
Check your candy purchase for FRESHNESS!  I bought 4 boxes of marshmallow cones.  I carried them on a plane to Dallas TX for my adult niece.  When she opened one of the individually wrapped cones, the marshmallow top was as hard as meringue.  I was embarrassed that I gave her old candy that was just purchased days before.  When I returned to pittsburgh I called Fort Pitt.  They said they couldn't do anything unless I returned the candy.  No apology, no concern.  I will not shop there again.  You can find fresh cones and candy at other stores.
As of July 25, 2014, a sign on the front said that it was closed permanently.
Moonstruck is definitely not my cup of tea. The prices are outrageous, the selection is not great, and they are probably the only coffeehouse type place that does not have wifi by now. It is just too snooty for the common student looking to get a beverage or something sweet.Oh and as I type this, I just remembered that the last time I was pulled in there by my fiancee because she "had to have something sweet" I went to sit down in one of the big chairs to wait for her and there was melted chocolate all over it. Not cool.
I probably would have given moonstruck threeish stars when it was open, but I can't give it any stars any more because it's closed!  That seemed kind of sudden!  I wonder what happened  what is going to go in there instead.  Panera pleeeaaasssseeeee.
I totally dislike this candy store to begaig with i went to this place 5 minutes before they close and the open sign wasn on.  They said its close come back tomorrow at 9am I went next day at 9am but it was still close never open waited there for 30 minutes and  I went to another candy store the name is Mayra's the lady was very helpful and nice!!!!!!! and thanks for letting me express my self......
Worst customer service ever. I had an issue with a rental of chairs and tables and the cashier was rude, disrespectfull and unhelpfull. The tables were dirty and breaking apart the chairs were filthy. I agree with the previous comment that the pinatas are nice and sturdy but thats about it.
I do not think that location should decide if you get a big brother sister or not.  It's sad that where I live there's a 3 year waiting list.  Also the fact that they would not even allow the child to be brought to the volunteer to make it convenient is just ridiculous.  The gentleman even said that would be taking the volunteer away from someone in that community, as if the one we're in was not worthy.  Sad, especially for the children that really need the program.
This review is solely about volunteering here. They do not return phone calls or emails. They treat people that want to volunteer their time horribly! On facebook former volunteersvanguards are always complaining. Sojourner Center should start treating better those willing to work for free! This is a disgrace. The horror stories that i heard and my personal experience of not even treated as a person that should have emails returned is just unbelievable. Want to volunteer Look elsewhere.
I'm Sorry to say..But this store is just Nasty!!
I love thrift stores but I'll take my chances elsewhere from this Goodwill location. It is very stereotypical of what you would think a thrift store is:  filthy, cluttered, disorganized, musty smelling, pure junk clothing, and men who will stare you down while you shop. Good luck trying to find any decent furniture, even some that you don't mind re-finishing! There was not even a couple of nice basic pieces that I could take home and work with. I understand that some people might not have an option, but if you have a car with gas in it go somewhere else. The prices are pretty much the same as a nicer Savers or the like.
This Goodwill is a disgusting, stinky, disorganized, picked over mess.  I have never found something that was even worth the trip here.  Skip this one and go to the one at 16th Street and Indian School Road.  Trust me, you'll thank me later.
Too bad this is only one of two Jo-Ann Fabrics in Madison, and the only one on my side of town. I've shopped here 3 times a month all summer and this is what I've come to (sadly) expect:1. Customer service that is apathetic at best, rude at worst. Today, for example, my (sadly, regular) cashier forgets, twice, whether I want a bag. her apology "Sorry. I just don't care much today." No eye contact, no smile. This is typical of the service.2. Three times the last month the item price that rang up was different from that listed on the shelf. I wasn't too bothered, as it rang up clearance price. When I mentioned to the cashier the clearance price was not the price listed on the shelf, she replied, "oh," and stared at me blankly.Fortunately Michael's Craft Supplies on the eastside is starting to carry more yarn and sewing items, which means I can stop the tortured visits to Jo-Ann Fabrics someday soon.
We went here to pick out fabrics for a quilt. We used a few tables to pick out color schemes and see what we were working with. The worker walking by actually said to us, "You ARE going to put that away, right" I was so apauled. Then when we went to get all the fabric cut the lady was also very unfriendly and just had poor customer service in general.
I wish that this Joann's would get a management overhaul. The store is always dirty, the fabric is in shambles, and the shelves are constantly under-stocked and unorganized. I believe this is a direct management issue because the staff work hard, there are just never enough of them on the floor.As it has been pointed out in previous reviews, there isn't competition for business on the eastside, so the store continues to be in business while providing a poor environment for staff and customers. Clean it up, guys! And get some more staff. You are working these ladies too hard and it's obvious that they don't have time to clean and organize the store.
I think at this point they should just close there doors on this location since the owners or manager obviously don't care. They have excellent products that you cant get anywhere else but they almost NEVER have enough staff. I have gone there on over 8 separate occations and left without the merchandise I had picked out because there was no one on the registers at all or because there was only 1 person on register and huge line of people waiting. A store is pretty much worthless if you cant pay for the items. I dont steal but I would imagine they loose a lot of stuff from people waiting for a checker too long.
Horrible customer service.  Asked for help and was told to go wait in a line. next, That girl couldn't find the item that was kept behind counter. Didn't want to spend time on me because of people behind me. Other customer asked if she could call for backup.  Manager standing around said in a minute.  Continued doing nothing. I won't return to this location.
Of all of the hobbycraft stores you can go to in the Champaign area, I am not a fan of Jo-Ann Fabrics & Crafts. The store is too small: their cross-stitchneedle-point section is especially lacking in comparison to their general selection that is also lacking.I guess it's hard to compete given the nearby Hobby Lobby (that has quilting fabric), Michael's (great crafts in general, especially if you're into jewelry), and WalMart's small selection of fabrics, knitting supplies and crafts.At least Jo-Ann's matches competitor coupons.
I get all my crafting supplies fromThis store.  It's an awesome place to shop if you know what your looking for.
What a mess!!! Looking for outdoor fabric and this place is close to home, so it was our first stop. No outdoor fabric could be found, but in fairness, I am not the type of person that likes to "hunt" for things. I'm more of a get in get out kinda girl, and this store is most definitely NOT conducive to that way of shopping.After a quick circle around the shop, we went and asked where the outdoor fabric is. Answer: "if we have it, I would think it's near the upholstery". If Think We circled again but there is zero organization in the place, and I was shopping with someone that doesn't have patience for that, so we quickly left. Also, crowded and dirty. If they had organization, training, and a mop, they would get more business. They could even raise prices. But, I'm sure there are people that would rather dig and shop in a less fancy place to save the money, and if that's you, this is a good place. Never thought I would feel like a fabric store snob, but I guess that's me.
The staff here is so incredibly rude, I literally have anxiety before I enter the building. Before I moved to Los Angeles I spent thousands of dollars here On fabric (I design lingeriewedding dresses), and still I get yelled at like I'm cattle or a dog. They will not allow you to hold anything at the cash wrap while you're shopping (I would buy way more if I didn't have to lug around 8 rolls of fabric during my whole shopping experience) and they are just plain rude. I know this isn't Mood or Micheal Levine, but even at Thrift Stores customer service is stillImportant! I don't care how cheap your product is.
Three weeks later and my machine has tension problems like never before. Guess where I won't be going to get it fixed
I took my old, fully metal, very reliable Viking machine in for one small repair, and it's not run well since.  It seems they used a substandard lubricant which gums up unless the machine is in a hot room!  The charge was exorbitant as well.  I will be looking for another repair company.  Sally's in Mesa had a wonderful woman named Kay who did the best repairs and whose charges were very reasonable.  Sigh~
This store is huge and has lots and lots of products.  I was happy to shop searching out their sale items, until I was checking out.  They falsely advertise their sale items.  Today I went to purchase their "Camp Kids" products that were on sale at 50% off.  As I was checking out, they claimed that the paintable bobble heads were not included.  Then they claimed the other "Camp kids" products were not included as well.  All of the products that I had chosen was on the sale rack with the sale sign over it.  I specifically made sure I read the "sale sign" correctly and yet they refused to honor it.  I will never go back.  I don't trust what they advertise.  If you choose to shop their.... better check your receipt.
I went to this store to return some scrapbooking supplies. I wasn't sure if only one cashier accepted returns, so I had to interrupt the cashier at customer service. I felt terrible for doing it, as I know it is terribly rude, but I just wanted to make sure I wasn't falling into a line I didn't need to. After saying excuse me, the cashier did not answer nor acknowledge my presence, so I said, "excuse me" a little louder and I get a cold "hold on Ma'am." I'm terribly sorry you are busy and I interrupted you, but a simple acknowledgement in your facial expression would have sufficed. The part that really irked me was while she was scanning my many items, she made a comment, "you did KEEP some things, right!" Excuse me I just went to Michael's and returned $40 worth of scrapbooking supplies in which I had originally spent $50 and I did not hear a single peep from their cashier. I still ended up spending $70 at Jo Ann's with my return. I completely understand and I absolutely hate to do it, but you have a return policy that could easily state that scrapbook supplies are excluded. They are tiny items and I'm sure are a pain to re-stock, but your corporation does not say that I cannot return my unused scrapbooking supplies. On top of that, you are located within a 1 mile radius of TWO other art supply stores, I'm sure it happens. I have dealt with difficult customers all of my life and never once let my emotions or aggravation show, especially a sassy remark like that. So, to my cashier, Barbara Ann, your attitude just cost you a customer. I will not be giving Jo Ann Fabrics any of my business.
whenever we've gone there, there's rarely anyone to help you. The lady at the cutting table always seems overwhelmed, too.  The checkout line is long and atrocious. Last night we went in so I could look for a pattern to make my son a Christmas jacket out of velvet. None of their books had patterns for special occasions for boys, and of course there was no one to be found except a lady vacuuming who didn't look like she wanted to talk to anyone (or maybe she didn't speak English and that's why she didn't make eye contact).
I hate being so mean about a Jo-Ann's but I am DONE with the registers. I make decisions to NOT come here because the lines are so ridiculous. Why do they have 9 registers and 1 person ringing ALL THE TIME!!! Infuriating.  Plus, I feel like I ALWAYS have to interrupt the cashier because the only people working at Jo-Ann's are 1 cashier and 2 people cutting fabric. I have never in my 10+ times in this store seen an associate who is not in one of those three positions.  It is SO maddening!!!Bring on AT LEAST one more associate because at least I can find help at Michaels, and if I can't find it there, I'd rather buy my item on Amazon to avoid the BULLSH*T at Jo-Ann's.P.S. I even have a vested interest in this store as I took a sewing and a cake decorating class here and I am tired of the place sucking so bad.
Same as other reviews a bunch of registers and one cashier I been waiting at customer service trying to see what other store has more if the item I need I been waiting for over 30 minute cashier ignoring and avoiding eye contact no mas
I worked at a Joanns in high school, and I still love the company. However, this store is poorly maintained. I needed food coloring and a turn table for cake decorating. All of the cake decorating items are squeezed into an aisle with a pillar in the middle. Stuff was spilling onto the floor and I couldn't get my cart down the aisle. A messy store is normal for a busy Sunday, but I went in maybe 30-45 minutes after opening. I eventually found the turn table on a display in a different aisle, but there was no price. There were a variety of items on the display, and not a single one had a price sticker or a label on the display. It was like they put anything that didn't have a home onto the display, regardless if they went together. I walked around, trying to find someone to ask the price and there was no one to be found. There were 2 ladies cutting fabric, one at customer service and one at another register. The line to checkout was 10 people deep and I wasn't going to wait just to ask a price. Since they were out of the other item I was looking for anyway, I put the turn table back and went to Michaels in the same shopping center. It was a night and day difference with wide aisles, clean and stocked shelves and clearly marked prices. There were 3 people ringing and I got to my car with both items under 15 minutes. I even saw 3 people walking around the store offering help and straightening. I am sad to say that I will not be returning to this Joanns again.
This seemingly is JUST for the home--not for people's clothes. I thought it was a JoAnn's competitor.Bolts and bolts of fabric on hanging rolls. Also carpets. No one said hello or offered to help us. No patterns here. They have designer fabric but i didnt check the labels.
closed due to the roof collapsed during a monsoon rain
Only been here once, and once was enough. The place is absolutely crap. Not that I typically care about decor, but it was dingy as hell inside - in fact, your bog standard Denny's is like a Taj Mahal by comparison.As others have commented, there was some ethnic fair-skinned girl on duty when we went. I know she was Ukrainian because the couple behind us picked up on the accent (which was almost too thick to understand) and asked her. Not exactly authentic, but then again that's something else I'm not typically concerned with.What I am concerned with, however, is food quality - in particular places that skimp on stuff. I got a saag dish - can't remember what it was, probably beef or aloo - and it was completely drowned in the saag (pureed spinach). Wife got the butter chicken, same thing - 80% sauce, 20% meat. And the taste was just a-ight, nothing special at all which made it even more annoying. I could have cooked the same thing at home for a tenth the price.During the course of the meal, I noticed something which looked like a black beetle with its innards spilling out. I've seen plenty of cardamom seeds in my time, but the ones I'm used to are khaki-ish-greenish in colour and a lot smaller than this was. I called Ms Ukraine over and asked her what it was. She - get this - gave me a scared expression and said in her halting English "I.. not know! don't eat it!!" then scurried off. Don't eat it! I had a sniff of the seed and it was definitely a cardamom - evidently a Giant Black North American Cardamom. Frankly, looking at the place I wouldn't have been surprised if it -was- a beetle.Never going back. I wouldn't have even if the server HADN'T have advised me not to eat the food. Best Indian on the west side remains Tandoori Times II on NE cnr 57th and W Bell, and even that's a far cry from what I've had in Sydney and San Fran. I second Mr K.'s observation - avoid this place.
One of the dirtiest places serving Indian Cuisine I've ever visited.  There were food crumbs everywhere on the floor.  The decor is from the 1970's, very worn down, and just not the sort of place that you want to visit... to eat.Bread was alright, but food was bland.  Server pointed out the owner to me and this person was certainly not Indian.  Servers were caucasion kids (teens maybe) and knew little about the food.Insane prices considering everything else.  Not a great part of town either.
My wife and I just moved to this area from the east valley where we were near the best indian restaurant in the valley in Guru Palace at Baseline and gilbert rd.  This was some of the worst indian food I've ever had, and this is in no way to demean the amazing meal I had there but I have had better indian food at Taste of India in Fargo North Dakota. We got take out so I can't speak to the atmosphere but when I walked in there was one other person there and the owners. The Garlic Naan was more like pita bread it didn't feel or taste like it was cooked in a tandoor and was thick. I would say they bought it somewhere and just reheated. My wife got the staple-Chicken Tikka Masala...I make better chicken tikka masala. The jew from ny makes better chicken tikka masala then Tandoori Village. There were 8 count them 8 chunks of chicken and a sauce that was filled with whole spices and the wrong kind of chunky. No Onions, no peppers just bits of bay leaf and whole cardamom pods. It was pretty gross. I ordered the Tandoori Lamb chops as I'm a lamb lover and thought this would be a good thing to try since I don't see it on too many menus. My $14 dish was 3 skinny chops and one massive...I don't what kind of portion that is but it's not a $14 dish portion. This was our first and only time being a patron of tandoori village. I can't wait to try tandoori times as it's closer and has to be a vast improvement on this awful meal.
Unfortunately they have closed and are out of business.
So this place is a smoker friendly pub, located next to Jernigan's Tobacco Village in The Galleria.  Looking into the pub, it looks like an olde English gentleman's study,which is why I thought it'd be fun to go here.  I had also read an article about this place that sang it's praises.  Don't bother eating here.  I think this is one of those places that only sells food so they can allow indoor smoking.Service (there was ONE bartender working the entire place) Is slow, food is overpriced and poorly made.I ordered what was described as a vegetarian sandwich, what I got was a poorly made (and TINY) calzone.
At the pubrestaurant side I had a very bad experience, terrible food, even worse service.  A complete waste of money, avoid at all costs.
The following is an email that i sent jernigan's management about an experience that i had in their pub. Mind you, it seems that the only reason that they have a "pub" is to allow indoor smoking. Do not visit the pub. I have vowed to not shop at this store at all since i had such a bad experience AND they did not try to remedy my experience. In this day and age it seems that businesses no longer strive to satisfy the customer, just make it OK for them. The email below describes my experience. I did not receive a satisfactory reply from management. My wife, a friend, and I visitied Jernigan's Tobacco Village yesterday, 2202012, and I want to let you know of the poor service that we recieved. We arrived and promptly bought some cigars to take into the pub. Mind you, this was our first visit to the pub, since I was waiting for one of my friends to turn 21 as he has recenlty. Needless to say, we have had this trip planned for quite some time and had been looking forward to it. So we took a seat in the pub, looked at the menu a bit, and waited for quite some time for the bartender to come out to us from behind the bar. When he finally did, he got us our drinks and then left us without asking if we would like anything to eat. And we had been planning on getting something to eat also. Being this was my first visit to the pub, i wasn't sure if food was being served or not, so i went to the bar to ask if that was the case and he merely told me that he would be over in a minute to take our food order. He never came back to our table to ask us if we needed another drink, or to ask us if we wanted to order any food. I was very surprised at this since i had even asked him about our food order in the first place. So we let it go until we had finished our drinks and cigars which, as  i am sure you can understand, took some time. In that time he never came back over to us and instead, chatted with some patrons at the bar and even came to wait on another table and completely ignored us. After we were completely finished with our single drink and cigar, he finally came over and I simply asked for the check. When i payed for the check, he brought our change back and tossed it on the table, declared the amount of chage, and walked away. No "Have a nice night" or anything like that. We were all completely disappointing in this experience since we had been looking forward to this for quite some time. We were prepared to spend some time, and money, in your establishment but this experience has definitely turned us away. And on a personal note, i feel as if we were discriminated against because we are not the usual older clientele that i am sure you are used to serving in your pub. Our ages ranged in our 20s and i feel that we were looked at as immature children just pretending to be adults. As i stated, another table of older gentlemen were served twice more and we were never waited on. We all felt very uncomfortable, since we had never been there before, and felt as if we were being pushed out. My check information is listed below:Check number 150360Server: FredDate 2202012 Time 7:33PMI wanted to bring this information to your attention. Thank you.Sincerely,     Frank Ramaglia Jr.As it seems from the other reviews here, Jernigan's does not like or want to serve food. If it is that hard for them to do then it should not be on the menu at all. Instead of disappointing customers they could simply remedy this problem by taking the option of food away.
I have been going here for years to buy cigars.....even when they were upstairs in the mall. But I have always been a little skeptical about the bar(I am a drinker) and the premise under which they exist. They offered no food for sale today, and in fact a customer ordered Chinese food on his cell phone to be delivered to the pub so that he  could eat dinner. The barmaid sat at the bar the whole time I was there...smoking and chatting up her buds. Avoid at all cost. Had to ask for a drink each time, and for the check. But cigar shop is very good
This place would be nice in theory except for 2 very important things.  1 there service is awful, 2 there prices are awful. There are several other places a cigar smoker can go with much better service and prices. Smoke cigar lounge in collier, the oyster house in pleasant hills, castle tavern in castle shannon, chippino in the strip,level 40 in robinson etc.
My wife and I have been talking about checking this place out for years but since we live out of town it's not that easy to just stop in.Finally we have a chance to check it out last night.... and they're closed for inventory. Judging by the FedEx notices on the door, it's been closed for 3 days. No other info other than a note that says "Sorry FedEx :(" and a cardboard cutout of a scantily clad woman in the glass doorway that's meant to obscure your view of the inside.Maybe one of these days we'll see what it looks like on the inside... if it's not still closed for inventory.
Ah, Red Letter. I heard they got rid of their jerk off booth. Which maybe helps their case of being less skeevy. I'm not really against jerk off booths, but I have heard some crazy stories about this particular one. It didn't seem well monitored. I really hate the selection here and the prices are higher than other's. They seemed to have more fetish stuff than Selective though. So I guess there's that. Overall I'd suggest staying away, Red Letter has a bad rep for a reason.
I usually never have a problem here, but I just got talked to like I was a pile of crap stinking up the place.I came to get snus and they were out of the regular flavor and I was like shucks and the guy (beady eyes, dark hair, mustache, glasses) just sort of looked at me like he was already tired of me. So I asked "when are you getting any more in" You know, a normal customer question when things are out of stock....and he just huffs and says in the most contemptuous way possible "UH well MAYBE at the end of NEXT WEEK after we MOVE to the NEW LOCATION"...with a scowl on his face while shaking his head and turning to his pipe.I was just taken aback and said "oh you're moving huh" and he whips his head back scowling 'YEAH, we're MOVING", continuing to shake his head and turning away as if I should have known all along and just inconvenienced him with the dumbest question he's ever heard. Well excuuuuse me, I didn't get the memo! It's not like I came in seconds to closing or that I was interrupting him while he was busy, there was nobody else in the place. So I just silently walked out, never to come back! Obviously I'm not welcome anymore. Way to think that one through, old BOY. I wished I had said something but this is more constructive. No use trying to reason with that cantankerous, condescending old codger attitude. I need to quit anyway, so thanks for helping me kick the habit. Seriously, how about take a vacation or try exercising once in your life already, if that's all it takes to unload your bad day or moving woes on regular customers you're expected to treat with common courtesy. You know, since your brick and mortar tobacco industry sort of depends on it....that whole free-market thing...
This shop is everything that a pipe collector could want. The shop keepers however, are smug and condescending.  They spoke down to me and seemed very put out that I was even in the store. I like to shop at local establishments but after this experience I will be buying my pipes on line.  Plus, they both speak like Mr. Howell from Gilligan's island, pretentious and fake.  Great selection, but you can find the same for cheaper online without the insulting clerks.
I went here and I told the guy this is my first time I ever been in a cigar shop and I asked whats the difference between these two cigars He responded with "if you need to ask you dont need to be here"  then it was just silent and I walked out and now I just go right down the street to cigar ware house on 10thst and camelback.
Stopped into this shop during spring training.  The staff was nice but he really pushed the Kristoffs as he had the vendor in the shop.  We bought 3 of them based on the recommendation and we were going to get a box if we liked them.  The cigars didn't draw well and were generally not very good.  We went back into the shop to let them know and they offered absolutely nothing after we had spent $170 there the day before and only bought the Kristoffs on their recommendation (at 10 a stick).  We won't be going back.
If you like to be followed around like a dog to buy overpriced cigars that are very DRY. This is the place for you. 15 plus years selling wholesale cigars so I would know. Buy one put it in your humidor for a month and enjoy!
will no longer go to this shop.  bought a vaporizer that does not work.  The store will not refund my money even for a broken device.  not even replace broken device.there are plenty of smoke shops in town to go to.
Estimated delivery time 45 minutes actually delivery time 120 minutes.Pizza Hut , a pizza of last resort.
The food was just OK. Soggy french fries on a greasy cheese steak pattie.  The service was awful, noise, and not helpful for a newcomer to Primantis and Pittsburgh.
We ate at Primanti Bros based on the reviews on Yelp, hoping to get a real taste of Pittsburgh. What I ordered was a sandwich labeled Pittsburgher Cheese Steak. What I got was an inedible slab of overcooked mystery meat, cole slaw, and mediocre fries, on white bread. The sandwich was very small, but I only ate 12 of it anyway, and I have a pretty big appetite. I recently ate a 20 oz cheeseburger at a local burger joint.I was truly shocked. That was the worst meat that I have seen since Junior High School. We would have been much better off at Burger King. Luckily we had a nice lunch at Salim's to wash the taste of this junk of our mouths.
Worst sandwich on Earth.I'd rather eat a dead whore.Please...never come here.
oh primanti's, you always disappoint! how can so much food bear so little taste despite a brilliant premise (put all your edibles in the sandwich, leave your other hand free for the potables) the execution leaves much to be desired.1. these guys can never seem to cook their fries properly. they are always greasy on the outside, raw and mealy on the inside. don't think that just because they're INSIDE the sandwich doesn't mean you can get away with crappy fries.2. the bread. what the heck dudes if you're going to put 3 lbs of ingredients in the sandwich, try to use a bread that doesn't immediately turn into insipid play-doh in your hands.I like disgusting junk food as much as anyone (see my rave review of the O), but I wish the primanti's goons would put a little bit more effort into their sandwiches. seriously guys -- take some pride in your work and make something good for once. and check the thermostat on your fryolator already!
GROSS!!! Many people told me to go here and I was totally disappointed! It was bland, the coleslaw was too tangy (and only contained cabbage) and the meat was scary! Good thing it's super cheap. Do NOT get the cheese-steak sandwich if you go even though it says 2 best seller, it's awful! Okay on to service... Everyone seemed like they hated their job. Someone at my table asked for no tomatoes and add onions and of course she got tomatoes and no onions.Maybe I ordered the wrong thing and maybe they were all just having a bad day... Who knows.
Everyone knows that that if you go to Pittsburgh, you go to Primanti Bros. (My friends and I were in town for a PiratesPhillies game, and the PNC Park Primanti Bros was packed the entire game.) We visited the Market Square location, and if you eat on the patio, it's a fun place to hang out and drink some Iron City beers.  I got the Black Angus Sandwich. It was quite large, cut in half, and brought on a piece of wax paper. As it turned out, I'm pretty sure the wax paper would have tasted better. It was really, really, not good. I did eat the first half, but the bread was so tasteless, I thought maybe it would be better if I ate the other half piece by piece. The coleslaw was OK, but the french fries were awful, and the little bit of actual meat had little taste. We had little to no contact with employees, but a cab driver told us about a young couple who dared to ask for a sandwich at another Primanti Bros without coleslaw, and were treated really rudely. Because you know, people being rude is hilarious. So I guess if you want an authentic Pittsburgh experience then go here. But if you want actual decent food, avoid at all costs
My family always wanted to try Primanti. What a huge disappointment at the Anchor drive one. The pizza was served with a mound of burnt ashes on the bottom. Not a little, but teaspoons of it, all over. The ovens are not cleaned. I ordered the fish sandwich which came out cold, a soppy mess from the oil on the bread and a chunk of coleslaw core inedible. My sons was no better. The waitress saw we had taken only one bite and asked if we wanted to take home. We both said 'no way.' She didn't flinch and didn't care. I don't care to ever go back and will tell friends to avoid. In Philly, they'd be out of business in a heartbeat. It is also a dirty, noisy unkempt premises.
After sitting there and being ignored for 25 minutes we just left!
Clearly should have read a few reviews before going here. Whenever I go to these types of iconic regional dining establishments, I order the house specialty to best judge the place on its supposed merits. Since it was 11 in the morning, I chose not to order Primanti's 1 best seller, which the waitress told me was beer, but perhaps that would have made my experience better. As it was, I ordered the 2 best seller, the cheese steak. It was heinous. Think a grimy, mechanically separated Salisbury-style steak with a meager slice of provolone on sliced Italian bread served signature Primanti-style: with coleslaw, tomatoes, and fries.First, the steak was disgusting: terrible flavor (smelled and tasted like hippie armpit, which I'm not necessarily opposed to as long as it's not involved in something I'm trying to eat) with a gross, processed meat texture. Secondly, the fries easily overwhelmed the sandwich, with their old fryer grease taste. Additionally, the sandwich was unwieldy and threatening to fall apart at every turn--a trait I don't hold against decent-tasting sandwiches, but this lack of structural integrity just added insult to injury. My dining partners were equally disgusted by their choices: corned beef and ham & cheese sandwiches, respectively. Easily the best part of the meal was the Smallman Street Fries, and those were equally lack-luster. The "bacon" was simply bacon bits (oh, the humanity!), the chili was uninspired, and the cheese sauce and sour cream did little but soggy the fries. (Did I mention they tasted like old fryer grease)  I will never go back and I will immediately disregard the culinary opinions of anyone who thinks Primanti Bros. produces decent food.
Wildly overrated.  I compare it to Pat's and Geno's in Philly, good when your drunk, but only when your drunk.I went to Pitt for 4 years and I have to say I never understood the Primantis hype.  I dont know how you get famous for putting fries on a sandwich when the fries suck.  They are soggy and tasteless, maybe the worst I've ever had.  I will say the coleslaw is pretty good, and I'm not usually a coleslaw guy, but it doesnt make up for all the other shortcomings.  Half the sandwich falls out while your eating.  The "cheesesteak" might be the most tasteless sandwich ever.  You have to use a whole bottle of hot sauce just to get a little flavor.  Primantis sucks...go to Fatheads on the Southside or Uncle Sam's in Oakland.
I've been a longtime loyal customer of this place (2005). My husband and I just called to order delivery and the girl that answered the phone hung up on him. When I called back she told me "that wasn't me, it must've somebody else. " When I spoke to the "manager" he said they weren't delivering tonight.  On Super Bowl Sunday.  A wing place.  Not delivering.  Ok. I don't need to spend my money there.
This business has been here for several years, and how its survived I'll never know. The kids that are employed here must get paid next to nothing, cause every time I get up the nerve to try them again, its a whole new crew. Each seems to sass and ignore the customers worse than the last crew did. The wings are good, and I guess its just the fact that there's no competition that they make enough to stay open. This place would kill if the staff just PRETENDED to care about customers. Example: Last time I ordered wings, I knew they would take FOREVER, so I didn't even leave my house for a while. Then when I got there, I was waiting and wanted to pay my bill so I could leave when they got ready. Couldn't do THAT!!!! Had to finish cooking them to release the ticket so she could ring it up. So, they must have waited to start them until I got there, 'cause it was well over ten minutes later when they finally came to the front. (WTF, WHY CALL AHEAD) Then, she was busy helping other people that must not have been able to read a menu, or understand english, and it took several minutes more for her to get my money, so I COULD FINALLY GET MY CARCASS OUT OF THAT PLACE!!!. EVERY time I've been in this place, must be a dozen by now, its been some sort of "Don't give a flying +++" attitude that just insults me to the point I don't want to come back. Presently, I have a STRONG hankering for some of their wings, but it just hasn't been long enough that I'm willing to go back.
Ive been a customer for years and i went there today amd my chicken sandwhich i ordered it was completely frozen i took it back and they made me a new one with no sauce on it and it was completely dried out and over cooked. And the guy wanted to argue back. Im never going back.
I like to think of myself as an intelligent person, who can express his thoughts well with words.  But all that comes to mind about this joint is "comically bad."  I went with people from my office to this location for lunch.  It took a while for a server to come to our table (the place empty- only one other table of patrons) and it took a while for our drinks to arrive.  What truly made this experience was how long it took for us to get the check.  Our server just walked out.  Like, just walked out.  Our drinks never got refilled, we never got a "Hey folks, I'm heading out for a while," nothing.  So, we try to pay.  We go up to the counter, and say we want to pay.  The girl there just shrugs, yells back, "COUNTER!" and walks off.  No one comes from the back.  Someone from our group flags down someone who had on a PH shirt to try to get her to ring us up.This girl manages to get our ticket up, and asks for my ID to pay for a $5 pizza with my card.  If I stole a credit card, I would find better things to do with it than buy a small pepperoni from Pizza Hut.  The girl tries to ring up the order with my card.  She has to swipe it a number of times.  Then, turns around and walks off.  No explanation.  A woman returns with her, who is giving me seriously dirty looks, and asks to run my card again, that it didn't take before.  I hand over my card, and think, I can't wait to get to Yelp.
We have gone to this Pizza Hut in the past and were not satisfied with the service. When we first moved to our house, this location and the one at Lawyers & Margaret Wallace both argued as to which location was supposed to deliver to us! We didn't feel like leaving the house last night and decided to give them another chance. They were 20 minutes late, the pizza and wings were cold, and the customer service was terrible! I will not be ordering from this place again. I am really surprised this location has been in business as long as it has.
This is the last straw!  I love bojangles, and this one is conveniently located on the way home for me, but enough is enough. I have put up with their slow service, wrong orders,  and annoying employees who are horrible at taking orders. But yesterday I stopped on the way home and was given cold, leathery chicken supremes; seasoned fries with absolutely no seasoning; and a cold, hard biscuit. I will continue to go to bojangles, but never this one again!
This is the worst Pizza Hut that I have ever ordered from. The pizza was cold and the sauce was nasty. The crust tasted like it had been sitting for days. The wings were sitting in pool of sauce and grease and the bone was red like it had been sitting in blood before it was cooked for a while. It was so nasty that I could not eat it because I thought I was going to get sick. I called the manager and her best idea was she could come and pick it up and reimburse me but it would be another hour or make me more. I will never order from there again and hope they get shut down.
This is the worst pizza store in Charlotte. I have ordered from this location three times and they have never gotten my order correct. Ever. As the other reviewers noted the management is horrible and rude. Don't waste your money.
This place is awful dont waste your money go somewhere else. delivery took almost two hours and pizza was cold. Not to mention my order was wrong. I used to work here many years ago i hate to see this franchise go down the toilet. DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE!!!!!!!!
I only rated 1 star because I couldn't select a half or none.  Placed a delivery order at 5:30 and was told 30 minutes.  Called at 6:50 am was told it was on its way.  Called back again at 7:15 and it was not in the system anywhere and they have no record of it (after taking our credit card mind you).  Will never order from there again and suggest you use caution as well, especially if you have young kids.
ordered online, then an hour later they said it was going to take an additional hour.  Ruined our panthers football game!!  Never ordering from pizza hut again.
We went on a Friday night to start our night.We were carded twice and they wanted to hold a credit card through our dinner!  The waitress said that was restaurant policy.  I am in my mid-30s and am way past the "dine and dash age".The menu has changed dramatically since the last time we were hear.  The food selection is basically wings, burgers and pizza.  Very disappointed to be treated like a punk kid and will not be back to this establishment.  I'd suggest heading across the parking lot to Flying Saucer.
I'll keep this one short - DO NOT GO HERE! We waited about 20 mins to get a beer and then another 12 hr to get our check. Asked a couple other waitresses to get our waitress, but she seemed busy elsewhere. Finally came with our checks when a couple of us made it seem like we were walking out without paying.And btw, Flying Saucer is right around the corner and MUCH better. Go there instead. Seriously.
This Stool Pigeons has gone put at this location. Just wanted you to know so you wouldn't make the trip & be disappointed when you got here & saw the vacant space. Try Hickory Tavern right around the corner on Mallard Lake in The Arbors shopping center near the Trader Joes. Excellent!
closed
I believe this location has closed and should be removed as a listing
I took my Fiance's ring here to get re-sized smaller since the ring I bought was a couple sizes too large. I dropped off the ring on a Thursday and was told that it would be done by Saturday. I was pleased to hear the great news at this point because of the perfect timing for the proposal (planned proposal for Sunday). Saturday came around and I still have yet to get a call. I decided to go to the store and check on the status in person. Conveniently they were closed all weekend due to all staff being sick... I understand that people get sick, but the entire staff And no courtesy call to let me know that the ring will not be done on time I had no choice but to continue with the proposal empty handed and explain the careless error of the jewelers. If that was not enough, I finally got in contact with someone on Monday and was told that they will have it ready for pick up by Tuesday that week. At this point, that was anything but acceptable. I demanded that they either complete the job and return my ring or return my ring immediately and I will go elsewhere for assistance. I was eventually told that the ring was complete, but at an off site location and they will personally go get the ring and have it ready that evening. Finally... progress!! Not exactly.... I am then contacted back and told that I will have to meet them after hours and it would be delivered to me. I think this will be an acceptable resolution to this nightmare and provide some kind of customer satisfaction. I wait at the agreed upon location (Starbucks) and no one shows up. I call the number to the store and am told that he forgot that we were meeting and asked if I can go to the store to get the ring. I am infuriated at this point. I finally headed to the store and retrieved my ring, completed and re-sized correctly. I would imagine that at some point I would get a break on the charge because of the headache to get a ring re-sized... Nope, I am charged full price and not even a simple apology was given. Glad to say that I will not be a repeat customer.
So it seems as though that my original review was omitted from public view either by Yelp or AMI Diamond & Jewelry. So here I am today re-posting my review about my ruined proposal plan with a pathetic attempt to resolve the issue. Originally posted 482014 - "I took my Fiance's ring here to get re-sized smaller since the ring I bought was a couple sizes too large. I dropped off the ring on a Thursday and was told that it would be done by Saturday. I was pleased to hear the great news at this point because of the perfect timing for the proposal (planned proposal for Sunday). Saturday came around and I still have yet to get a call. I decided to go to the store and check on the status in person. Conveniently they were closed all weekend due to all staff being sick... I understand that people get sick, but the entire staff And no courtesy call to let me know that the ring will not be done on time I had no choice but to continue with the proposal empty handed and explain the careless error of the jewelers. If that was not enough, I finally got in contact with someone on Monday and was told that they will have it ready for pick up by Tuesday that week. At this point, that was anything but acceptable. I demanded that they either complete the job and return my ring or return my ring immediately and I will go elsewhere for assistance. I was eventually told that the ring was complete, but at an off site location and they will personally go get the ring and have it ready that evening. Finally... progress!! Not exactly.... I am then contacted back and told that I will have to meet them after hours and it would be delivered to me. I think this will be an acceptable resolution to this nightmare and provide some kind of customer satisfaction. I wait at the agreed upon location (Starbucks) and no one shows up. I call the number to the store and am told that he forgot that we were meeting and asked if I can go to the store to get the ring. I am infuriated at this point. I finally headed to the store and retrieved my ring, completed and re-sized correctly. I would imagine that at some point I would get a break on the charge because of the headache to get a ring re-sized... Nope, I am charged full price and not even a simple apology was given. Glad to say that I will not be a repeat customer."
Do not patronize this business.  I came in with some gold jewelry to get an estimate and the owner found out I had been elsewhere and she thought the other jewelery store offered me more,  She left me sitting at the counter and abruptly left.  She started yelling and screaming at me in front of ther customers saying that I'm going around getting estimates and undermining her and that she offered the best price she could and went on and on.......and I said I didn't know that wasn't allowed (getting another estimate) and she told me to leave the store and called the security guard over to escort me out if I didn't leave.  Then, to top it off, she attacked me personally, saying my fat stomach is showing out my blouse and I should change it.  I was so totally shocked by her behavior when I did not do or say anything wrong.  I did not yell at her, but was so perplexed.
utter waste of time if you are considering selling quality items of gold andor diamond jewelry. with no written appraisal or evaluation, a vague verbal offer is made for considerably less than any pawn shop in town would tender. if you are happy after doing business here, it equates to your being absolutely without a clue. this is the clientele which they depend upon when paying less than scrap for whatever you may bring in. avoid this establishment just as you would the plague. i strongly suspect that the lame fav feedbacks posted do not emanate from arms length transactions. caveat emptor!
This review might sound a little repetitive but I feel future customers need to hear it again and again...They really offer you nothing for your jewelry. I went there with a Cartier ring and a custom made necklace. I was offered less than the weight of the gold. I understand that they need to make money to stay in business, but damn don't take us for the ride of our lives! Just to confirm my suspicions, I drove down the street to one of those pawn superstores for giggles and they offered me more for the necklace alone than that jewelry store.Bottom line, know what you have before selling it, no matter where you go! And this is certainly not the place to go to if you want to walk away with some decent cash in your pocket.
Don't be afraid to ask questions.  The guy waiting on us was probably very knowledgeable but not very forthcoming with information.  I should have asked more questions and in some respects feel like I was taken advantage of.  I went there because of their big ad in the paper but I would never go back.  Again, ask questions and don't feel intimidated.  I took a gold necklace somewhere else and got more for it than they quoted.
One of the lady was extremely rude and was unable to identify  a 2003 silver proof quarter repeatedly saying it wasn't silver and dropping it on a glass counter. Then they proceeded to offer me 50% of spot value on 90% silver. Bad service, bad offers, bad business. Stay away!
I walked into the store wanting to sell a 14k gold ring.  I had checked the per gram price online 3 times during the day so I had a good grasp on the value of the ring, so I was surprised when the offer came in $100 lower than the value.  I was expecting to lose some value because hey it's a business but that's insane to offer such a low value.  They were nice and the store was clean but I'd still recommend calling around before you do business with them.
I wanted to like Cactus Bikes in ahwatukee and be a frequent customer because I like to support locally owned businesses...but as a consumer I still expect value and decent service.I've rented a bike there and liked the guys working there - a guy nicknamed "Fish" helped me out and is a good guy. Went back a couple months later to buy some clipless pedals for a bike a purchased elsewhere (almost purchased from them, but found their prices on used rentals way too high and found a better value online).New to Mountain Biking I still wanted a local bike shop for service and accessories and was looking for advice and ended up buying a used pair of pedals that they recommended.Got home, did some reviews on the pedals and found out that not only were they OLD models that are no longer sold, they had HORRIBLE reviews AND I OVERPAID - - THEY CHARGED ME FULL RETAIL for used merchandise!!! I could have gotten much better pedals, new, online or on ebay for half the price.So I took them back less than 24 hours for a refund...and then I learned of the consumer dreaded "RETURNS FOR STORE CREDIT ONLY". In my opinion, this is just bad business and virtually gauranntees that I won't be back. I can't blame the guys working there...they're just employees and follow orders - not their fault. I do hope the owner reads this and changes their policy...So the employees did what they could within the narrow boundaries set by the owner, tried to help but I just wasn't happy, they exchanged them for another pair of used pedals they had in stock. In this economy I like to feel good about the money I spend...and I left Cactus Bikes feeling like they got the best of me.
Hands-down the most vile customer service I have ever witnessed. I accompanied a friend into this establishment. He wanted to buy some wheels. He was, instead, promptly encouraged to buy a new bicycle. The salesperson then listed a number of incorrect reasons why a new bicycle would cost less than a wheelset. When my friend politely turned-down the suggestion, the salesperson then encouraged him to buy a bargain wheelset that he described as "pretty good." He was, however, unable to  tell us anything notable about the features of the wheel without googling it. It was a very poorly-made wheelset. I have worked in bike shops. I have managed bike shops. I know that contrary to what salesman may say, "unsealed" bearings have no practical advantages over "sealed" bearings (which I would like to point out are nonspecific terms). As much as I try to support local small businesses, I would rather buy a bicycle at Wal Mart than give one cent to these clowns.
Unlike others, I did not find the owner friendly. I found him to be a bag of douche of galactic proportions.I suppose this place is OK for average bikes needing average repairs, but when I brought in my road bike for a repair of moderate difficulty for any competent bike shop, because the owner was incapable of doing the repair he chose to insult me by telling me I should sell my bike and get something more appropriate for someone of my physique. At the moment I'm a little overweight, but here's the facts: every summer I road bike in Italy. I have summited Mt. Terminillo. I have gone up and down the hills of Umbria as a member of a local riding club. I have ridden legs of various stages where the Giro d'Italia is run. I am capable of riding as much as 200 milesweek. I can summit South Mountain 3x in a go.I have ridden literally thousands of miles on this very bicycle, which -while carbon fiber - is FAR from a pro racing model. But this nitwit thinks I should sell my road bike because it's "too advanced for me". Oh and I'm a fat motherhumper too, thanks and come back again soon!"Try me" I did. You and your sad little bike shop in the ghetto failed.---Edited to add: since my encounter with this obnoxious tool, I found a friendly bike shop which had no interest in fat-shaming me. I told the story about this dickwad and all of the employees were aghast. They fixed my bike wheel so that I could ride again. I'm doing 200 miles a week (yes really) and have dropped 7 lbs in 3 weeks. By August I should be under 200 lbs, and when I go to Italy to ride up Mt. Terminillo again I will take a selfie.
I have been a customer in this shop for the last 38 years.  I have literally bought a dozen or more new and used bikes.  Last time I was in I traded a bike that I know he made approximately $200 on resale.  Today the young man there treated me with dis-respect and tried to insult my intelligence.  I wanted to tell him that I had forgotten more than he knows.  I will never spend another $1 on sales or service at this place and I was a regular customer
Terrible....TERRIBLE!  Zero customer service.  "Dan" (manager  service manager) was particularly unhelpful.  If they don't want to provide customer service they should stay in the mail order business.  Try Landis, Slippery Pig or Focus for service.  Buy parts at Beyond Bikes, Jensen or Chain Love, forget these bozos......
First off let me say that the management there was very helpful in trying to fix my issues with their service. And there is where the good ends. I had 3 bikes "tuned up" and serviced there. I live 5 miles from the shop and to pick them up as I could find a ride there, and ride them home. The first bike I picked up had a flat tire, and the back tire was on crooked. Amateur hour. After complaining to the manager, I found they had missed some some other things as well. The 2nd bike I picked up was fine, but then again, they really didn't need to do anything to it besides the "tune up", so not much praise can given there. I just went to pick up the 3rd bike today, and after riding 2 blocks towards home, the whole back wheel came off the drop outs. None of my gearing was shifting correctly either. I spent $200 (should have been $300, but was given a discount due to the first bike not being done correctly). I'm truly wondering what I paid for. I have been a long time customer of Cactus bikes, but after being convinced to try these guys out, and due to convenience of location, I gave them a shot. Big mistake. They did offer to let me drop the bike back off and let them try again, but I would rather spend another $50 somewhere else then let these guy's touch my bike again. The bike mechanic was very rude, and I witnessed him also being rude to another customer while picking up my 2nd bike. Again, the management was great, but they really need to take a look at who they having working in service, before they lose more customers. Thankfully I was on the sidewalk when the back tire fell off, and not in the bike lane, as this could have had a tragic result. If I can't count on my wheels being put back on correctly and aired up, I surely can't count on anything else being done properly when it comes to the service side. My advice - save your money and time and go somewhere else
It's almost like a garage sale.. There are some decent things to buy in there but you just have to search for them. Some parts are a cheaper version of what top of the line bike stores offer. And, their mechanics aren't the most qualified. A chain that was applied by one of their master mechanics screwed up a XTR rear derailuer and cassette. Pretty much a glorified Walmart. Not good and will never go back.
I have been a customer for a few years and have had some great experiences with them... parts & purchasing my son's first bike. Each time I have dealt with the people at the front of the store and have been satisfied. I went back recently and had the extreme misfortune of dealing with a kid in the back who clearly missed the day of training that dealt with Customer Service 101... or basic communication skills. It is unfortunate, but I will be going somewhere else from now on.
All I asked the guy to do was look at a frame that I'm considering doing work on. Took 3 hours , they never looked at it. I had to come back and get it myself. This guy moved from 75th avenue and thunderbird to this location. The owner and the employees have a bad attitude. I brought in a NEXT brand bike , and obviously it didn't merit their time or money. If you want better service Go to Exhale Bikes , 31st ave & Bell road.
We stopped in there last Sunday, my wife was going to purchase a bike.  We spent approx 15 min's inside.  We received very little help in purchasing a bike.  We left and went else where you lost a sale.
Stopped in to purchase another bike. I was asked can I help you I replied That I am looking for another bike he repeated can I help you...... once again I replied that I am looking for another bike he never came out from behind the counter nor ask for someone else to help me. So a few minutes gone by I was hanging out near the counter next to the front door waiting for help next thing he said was Have A Nice day so I left
My family has used Bike Masters for the last two years for everything we needed and have always had good results till today. I brought my bike in to get repaired, as the gear component had broken. When I picked it up and rode it outside the store, the bike now has a "clicking" vibration through the pedals. I asked about this, and at first, the gentleman told me it didn't do it. So my son rode the bike and reported the same issue. Bike Masters told me that it has nothing to do with their repair. So even though it DIDN'T have that problem before I brought it in, it does now. They were unable to fix or answer why. Oddly, they DID tell me that my bike basket holder was installed backwards, which is funny because THEY installed it back in October.I paid full price for my "repair". It is very disappointing to have a new problem that didn't exist before I brought it in.  :  (
Very hard to spend money there. They have a sense of arrogance and not very willing to go out of there way to earn business. For the record I have spent over $10K at this shop and today, they lost me for good. On the repair side, you're better off taking your bike to Auto Zone for repairs. Odds are they will know more about repairs and additions then this shop. They screwed up something as simple as pedals on my carbon cranks. I will be taking my business and all of my friends to a new shop.
I am real, and I have spent money in your shop. A lot. As for looking at my other ratings feel free. I go out of my way to recognize the positive places in person and thank them for their dedication to great service. Feel free to view my purchases there. Stumpy expert, Specialized MTB for my sons, cruisers for my parents, and many parts and services done. Shop used to be stellar make no mistake about it. Otherwise I wouldn't have spent my money there. The reason I haven't called back has more to do with the loss of faith in your shop. Deflecting the feedback based on attacking my credibility speaks more to you than it does me.
I got a pedicure here. Not bad, they were pretty thorough. But two days later both of my big toes were infected and oozing pus where she trimmed my toenails on the sides (which was weird anyway). I hate to rate a local shop down, but man my toes hurt.
I should've believed what was already written but It was close to my hotel. The WORST manipedi of my life. I'm 43. I'm a flight attendant. I've been to a LOT of nail salons. I swear she wasn't licensed. She had no clue but claims to have been doing nails for 40 years. She clearly needs to retire and the male owner was an a$$. He says "not everyone does it the same." Well..... They certainly should come close!! No cuticle push back. Didn't know how to remove gel polish. Didn't file straight or smooth. Didn't clean under my nails after lotion. I had to tell her to take alcohol to my nails to clean off lotion and remind her to use a base coat. Then she polished all over my cuticle. 17 hours later having done nothing but sleep workout and shower the polish is chipped off 6 nails.
I guess this will be my last good review for Princess nails. Unfortunately the worst possible thing has happened. I have one eyebrow! Its slowly growing back but the idea of having to pencil in my eyebrow everyday is starting to get to me. Unfortunately I don't know what happened Michelle are you going blind Are you okay Obviously you left me with completely a mishapen eyebrows which I had to have someone else fix because you botched mine. I cried, I weeped, i found myself in the fetal position. I'm no longer going back. I know some people have off days but this was BAD.
By far the worst Shellac manicure I have ever had. I went down on my lunch break for a quick mani. First the woman rushed through my "manicure." I'm not sure they have any type of sanitizer for their instruments as she kept pulling things out of her drawer. The manicure was very quick and not at all thorough. Once she started to paint my nails she kept having to fix them because she was in a such a rush. She took off polish that was on the nail and then pushed my hand into the UV dryer. When she went to put the top coat on my Shellac she put the Foundation coat on 2 of my nails before she realized and wouldn't fix them saying they will be fine. During the entire process she did about 6 eyebrow waxes and then would forget where she was in my process. She also kept forgetting to turn on the UV dryer to the point where she walked away and I had to turn it on.Do not go here. If I could give it 0 stars I would.
I have been sitting here looking at the poor quality of my shellac manicure and I just had to write. I walked in to Kenny's nail salon this afternoon and was pleased that there wasn't a wait. They also provided very friendly customer service.However, my manicure looks terrible! It looks like I painted my nails myself, only even I could do better. The paint and clear gel is all over the underside of my nails and baked on, no less. I'm even finding paint on my fingers now. The nail technician, a female, didn't even touch my cuticles, but she did use an electric file to shave down the nail bed. I guess that's supposed to count for the cuticles No frills, no hand massage, not even any moisturizer or cuticle oil or anything.I am horrified I was charged $25 and then I even tipped 20%. Now I'm wishing I would have asked them to start over, perhaps with a different nail technician. I won't be going back, however. At least I was in and out in 25 minutes. But what a terrible job.
Very sloppy! No attention the polish is all over my fingers so disappointing and aggravating that now I'm going to have to pay more money else where to get them redone
They suck!! First of all not even 24 hours after I got acrylics one broke, then they painted on the french white tips which is fine, however they did such a poor job. When I came back to ask for a refund they were very rude about it and refused to help. I have gotten my nails done almost for a year and I have never seen such a poor job. DO NOT GO HERE.
The worst experience ever. I have never complained about my nails bc im pretty laid back but this was insane. The man that was doing my nails had an incredibly shaky hands, cut me more times than I can count, and have the nails literally one and a half times the size of my nail beds. I got pink and white and the white was not uniform among any of the nails and usually wasn't even uniform from one side of the nail to the other . . On 1 of my nails the white was 3 eights of an inch on 1 side and 1 eighth on the other. The equipment to scrub the nails was unsanitary and in a dirty cup. I have never had such a negative experience anywhere and I kept trying to explain what was wrong to the man and he just wouldn't listen. He did not smooth down any of the nails until the third time I complained about it. I spent $85 at the salon and have to go and get them redone by a different technician tomorrow because I don't even trust them to redo their mistakes
I'd had a nail appointment set for several weeks - a first time customer.  Less than an hour before the appointment I got a call canceling it.  Not from the owner apologizing for the cancellation or trying to correct the situation somehow, but from the nail tech.  She told me the owner insisted that SHE call her clients herself to tell them she had "personal problems" that day and couldn't make it.  Wow.  The lack of professionalism astounded me.  On the positive side, I'm glad I had the experience BEFORE what may have been the worst nail experience of my life.  Imagine how the "personal problems" may have affected the work.  I called the salon to let them know of my disappointment in being left high and dry.  They simply didn't care.  They lost a customer....not just for nails, but for all the other services they offer.  Not the best way to run a "service" business!
Worst Brazilian wax I have ever gotten. Extremely Painful and inefficient, still had a red welt 3 days later. She also used the same stick the entire time which is not sanitary. Eyebrow waxing is significantly overpriced at $18. Do not go here for waxing!
The salon is so dirty we left before I let them cut me hair. The sanitizers were old and half full. The scissors and combs were a mess.  http:www.wellbuzz.comdr-oz-beautydr-oz-pedicure-bacterial-infections-dry-pedicure-haircut-ringworm
Worst experience with a hairdresser ever, at this location. Made an appointment with Diane for a body wave. When I was sort of greeted by her she looked at my hair and said "You get body waves" Yeah, that's why I booked one at your salon. Then she argued with me about when to trim, I wanted after she wanted before, and after five minutes acknowledged that it didn't matter, but FIRST telling me the perm "wouldn't soak in" on the ends unless she trimmed it. Then she argued with me about the rods. It's taken me over ten years to figure out with Aveda perm hairstylists what the perfect combo is. Diane knew better, but finally agreed. Then she proceeded to comb my wet hair, from the forehead back, scratching my scalp and jerking my head. That wasn't enough, though. She then started rolling it with the rods she thought I should have.  I got up and left. When I addressed the problem at the front, NO EFFORT WAS MADE TO HELP me other than to offer coming back and talking to the owner. Yeah. Right. THAT'S gonna happen. Horrible salon...dirty, also, just as a side note.
I went here for the first time on a recommendation. I did not request a specific stylist, and told them I could do an appointment "any time this week." I received a decent cut, but left promising the receptionist that I would NEVER return.Online, their women's haircut price is quoted at $30+. I get a very basic cut, so I expected it to be $30, $35 at most. Only when I checked out was I informed that my cut was actually $44. When I asked why the cost was so much higher than their base quote, the receptionist told me the cost is based on the experience of the stylist. My stylist -- the one chosen for me WITHOUT revealing this policy -- has been working at the salon for 13 years.I understand this unit of commensuration -- although, I think it's bad for business because it insinuates a customer will receive a much lower quality experience if the stylist is younger. However, if this is a salon policy, it is one that should be CLEARLY stated upon scheduling the appointment.From my perspective, La Pomponnee preyed upon my naivety and (seemingly deliberately) chose the most expensive stylist. This is downright terrible customer service, and it will be the reason they eliminated any chance of a long-term relationship.
I'd heard great things about one of the stylists, Richard, so I booked an appointment.  The wait wasn't bad, maybe 10 minutes on a Wednesday afternoon around 4.  The girl who shampooed my hair was great, but sadly Richard was not.  He made a point to tell me we were going to have a "professional consultation" after my shampoo, which turned out to be an exercise in frustration.  He went on and on about how I was a new "guest," and he appreciated this opportunity to grow the business.  Then when I told him I was growing my hair out, didn't like anything flippy or layered, was willing to lose some length to clean up the back, and just wanted it to look really polished, it was like talking to a brick wall.  What I got were more layers in the front, and he didn't even touch the back.  Then he had a third person blow dry my hair, which turned it into the Rachel from friends, circa 1997 - huge, like a mushroom.  He kept going on about how great it looked, but all I could say was, "...It's big."  His response was, "You're not used to brushwork, it's okay, we'll do it how you do at home."  Could not have been more patronizing.  And I'm from the DC area; I've been to a few high-end salons in my time, and had a few blow-outs.  It's not brushwork in general that I'm against, it's being made to look like a human lollipop that I take issue with.  So a fourth (!) guy wet my hair again, then Richard put more product in, slicked it down to my scalp, and stuck me under a hairdryer machine.  Then he had the shampoo girl blow dry it out for the second time.  All in all a really frustrating experience - one of those haircuts where you get back to your car and want to cry.  I got the impression that the salon was trying to be high-end, but they're all pretension and nothing to back it up.  I wouldn't recommend Richard or the salon to anyone.
I went into Dean of Shadyside salon to get my hair colored. My stylist was nice and friendly however that was not the problem that I encountered at this salon. My stylist rushed through the process of coloring my hair as she had another client during the same time as my appointment. In addition, my hair was just left to hang (not pulledclipped back) while my hair was being colored making the dark hair dye smear over my ears, neck and face. The worst part was checking out. The charge for the hair color was a decentnormal price around $50.00. However this salon charges you extra if you need more color (if you have thick hair). Are you kidding me On top on that, they also don't include the blow dry, which yes is more money. Not pleased with all the hidden costs behind my hair color service. Won't be back .
If you are into crooked haircuts and terrible customer service, this is your salon.
Terrible! I purchased a groupon, but after all of the additional fees (upgrade to a higher level stylist because no one included in the groupon was available for a month, etc) I paid full price without full price service. If you make the mistake of going here, bring cash to tip your stylist. The receptionist cannot handle tips at all. They do offer a shady ATM that you can use and pay the surcharge, then put the tip in an envelope in a comment box. Haircut was ok, but certainly not near what I expected after reading the other reviews. I left extremely upset and no one cared. Terrible customer service!
The first time I went to Dean, I was content with the haircut I got for about the first three weeks. A men's haircut is pretty straightforward, generally speaking. After about three weeks, though, my hair started looking as though I had just received a bowl-cut - the hair from the top of my head was longer than the hair on the sides of my head, and it was growing down over the sides! The next time I returned, I made an appointment with a different stylist. Again, great haircut at first, but after about three weeks it started happening again, albeit to a lesser degree. The next time I went in, I decided to stick with the same stylist - Erika - as she was friendly (unlike the first, rather quiet and somewhat abrasive stylist) and seemed to be eager to give me a haircut the I liked! I let her know how the previous haircut went wrong, and she actually took what I told her and made changed. Apparently my head is somewhat square-shaped at the top, and if the top is cut a different length from the rest, then it must be done with a narrower section to avoid the issue I'd been having. After all said and done, I left with a great cut that looked great for a solid two months before I went in again. I got one more cut with Erika, and then pre-booked my next cut.When I went in for THIS cut, I got to the front desk for my appointment time, told them I had a 12:15 with Erika, and was then told "Oh. Erika left. Let's see if we can get you in with someone else."They didn't call me to tell me that Erika had quit. They didn't even reschedule my appointment with another stylist when she did. I was lucky enough to get in with one when I showed up, but it was back to square one with another haircut-turned-bowl-cut.It's no wonder Erika quit - she was too good for the place! Needless to say, I will not be back.
Given the big salon, I think your experience will be highly related to which stylist you chose. I bought a Groupon for a level 3 haircut and moisture treatment. The stylist Ken spent 5 mins for the cutting, 40 mins to blow the hair dry and chatting and forgot the moisture treatment. The technique of the haircut is so poor. There is no layer of the cutting and it is not horizontally on the same level. I think he is not serious about what he did. I will not come for the second time. MCN is much better in this sense. You should definitely try to avoid him as your stylist if you choose to go to Dean of Shadyside.
Worst nail salon ever. I made the mistake of buying a Groupon for a manipedi here without really doing any research. Not a smart move on my part. The place was totally dusty and there was no AC. Being that it was like 90 degrees that day, it was hotter inside than outside. The manicurist, who was very chatty and nice enough for one star, didn't put any lotion on my hands, or clean my nails at all-- just quickly filed them and slopped on the polish. The top coat gathered in some parts and made it look thick and chunky- completely uneven. When I stuck my hand in the dryer, I accidently bumped and smudged a nail.....and her remedy (wait for it...) was to LICK HER FINGER AND BLOT HER SALIVA OVER THE POLISH. I just kinda stared at her in shock, unable to speak. Maybe folks in Castle Shannon are into this kind of vibe, but I will continue to stay within city limits the next time I feel like endulging. It was just a bad scene.
Everything about the pedi was ok except the polishing part.  12 hours later I had to wear shoes, and the polish smudged because it was slopped on so thick it never would have dried. As she was polishing my nails, I was thinking, "Man, that is way too thick!  It'll never dry!", but I didn't say anything because I thought maybe she had some super topcoat that would make the impossible possible.  Well, she didn't, and the polish stayed not just tacky, but downright WET for 4 hours, before I finally just SCRAPED the goop off and painted them myself.  I will never be back, and wish I had saved my $30 (I had a Groupon) and my $15 tip.  Should have just done them myself.
I would absolutely not return to this salon. My nail tech was nice enough, very chatty and personable. But the other techs there were very catty talking about everyone and their neighbor. The parrafin dip felt nice but the wax contraption was on the floor and very uncomfortable getting in and out of. Now on to the manicure. My natural nails were very long and I asked for a shortsquare shape. I got a strange mixture of short, semi short, square and round. The polish application was absolutely terrible, uneven and up to and over the cuticle with no clean up. I've never seen such a mess and can actually do a better job myself. This made me question whether or not she was professionally trained. I should have questioned her but at this point I just wanted to get out of there. I went home, removed the polish and reapplied myself. What a complete waste.
I had a mani pedi today and they were brutal....so painful!  Ask her to just push your cuticles back otherwise youre in for some pain.  She actually cut me during my manicure and I had to ask her to quit f ing cutting my cuticles it bled so bad.  It's like having the worst papercut you can imagine then it really did not feel good at all the one she put acetone on it.I literally had to take my hand away from her and say stop let's not mess with my cuticles anymore! The owner was sitting right there and didn't do anything or say anything. now I've got a gold sparkly nail with a nasty ass, scab around it  she apologized but she cut my freaking hand I was really unhappy and I will never go back. Also see the picture of the lovely job she did on the manicure the color was not on evenly and it looked like a five year old did it.  The pedicure it was really good but it was just so painful if you can book with somebody else but do not let this woman near your cuticles and tell her to be gentle because she certainly wasn't with me.Part of why I am so freaked out about being cut is that my nail got painted with that lovely sparkly gold nail polish while I was still kind of bleeding. That can't be hygienic I mean you should all know that I am perfectly healthy and hepatitis free, that is a communal bottle of nail polish! And I was bleeding! I feel like a kind of is a really big deal.Please know that I hate leaving bad reviews. But they made me bleed! And the pedicure was really really painful! I would like to stress again though that my feet look awesome. The salon was very very clean and the technicians were very nice.But I left stressed and bleeding!
When I called I started talking and she said hold and put me on hold about 5 mins later she finally got back on and was very rude.Will not send people there!!!!
Wanted to get a sectional reupholstered and ended up with a nightmare of an experience.
Worst Customer Service and follow-up appointment.  I traveled from North side of town to view Design Center.  Location was not the best but I thought it would be good once inside.  Man was sitting at desk and never bothered to greet.  Sales Person came over and I made appointment for one of Team Members to come to residence and get ideas and work quoted.  It NEVER HAPPENED.  So Disappointed that they did not even call me back to say they were too busy.  Glad this happened as I cant imagine if they actually got awarded for contract work; their follow-up would be horrible.  BUYER BEWARE!  Customer Service and Follow-up is what gets your business relayed to friends.
Before you have granite work done by them, PLEASE ask to see our pictures. Terrible, extremely noticeable and customer service unprofessional.  rerr3cox.net
Absolutely will never buy furniture from this store, and likely not ever from this company.Easily the rudest, most inconsiderate, incomprehensibly ignorant staff I have ever encountered in retail. Upon entering there is no one greeting, directing, or attempting to welcome or help customers. Once I was able to find associates they acted as if I was an inconvenience that they had to deal with and were mostly upset that they had to stop their personal conversation to help a customer. After later speaking to the smug manager, I realized that this culture of indifference and conceitedness ran throughout their franchise.I understand the perception of the Scottsdale area in general and further understand that some of the high end furniture stores benefit from the posh-style, aloof mentality, however, this is Thomasville, and to say their furniture is mid-range quality would be a great compliment.After giving myself a couple of days to cool-down I still and embarrassed for this company and their sheer lack of customer service skills and felt that I needed to share this experience.
I too, have to say that I will never set foot in this store again.  My recent experience with purchasing a piece of furniture here was very unpleasant.  There are WAY to many other options in the area to settle for being treated like an inconvenience...I have purchased a lot of Thomasville, Drexel Heritage and Henredon Furniture in other states and find this franchise to be undoubtedly the worst, starting with:Our Sales Associates lack of knowledge.Nothing can be sold off of the floor.No trial policy on pieces of furniture, meaning you are stuck if it doesn't work.You have to walk OUTSIDE to go into the Drexel Heritage Store, even though it is attached and owned by the same people...If you are working with an Associate in Thomasville, you can not work with them in the Drexel Heritage side. You must get a NEW Sales Associate.All of the Sales Associates (except one young gal) seemed like they could use a MAKEOVER, so why would I want them telling me how to decorate my house!The delivery guys were very nice and helpful.  But, that does not make me want to go back for another unpleasant experience...
Pushiest staff I've ever encountered.  My wife and I recently purchased a new home, and had LOTS of spaces to furnish.  We spent many weekends hitting up the furniture stores along Scottsdale Road, and before going in to Thomasville we looked at their online selection and were impressed.  So... we headed to the store.We were used to the introductions upon entering furniture stores by the sales associates, followed by the occasional "how are you doing" and "can I help you with anything"s.  But the salesman that greeted us here WOULDN'T LEAVE US ALONE.  He shadowed us as we walked throughout the entier store, commenting on EVERY SINGLE THING WE STOPPED TO LOOK AT.  My wife and I had ZERO opportunity to chat amongst ourselves during the entire 20-30 minutes we were in the store.  We consistently made eye contact with each other, trying to figure out how we were going to squirm away from this guy.  Finally, we escaped and needless to say, never went back or bought anything.  It's unfortunate, since their selection actually was good and we may have very well bought some major items from them.  Now, we just laugh every time we drive past the store and talk about the salesman in there that we'll never forget.
Buyer Beware!!! Do NOT buy from their bankruptcy liquidation sale - they are bringing in merchandise that R&S never carried to augment the sale. We're talking wood veneers and fillers - we were scammed on our dining room set and are out several thousand dollars (the salesperson told us it was solid wood!). You go there *thinking* you'll get a high end piece of furniture but they're using the R&S name to sell lesser quality items.*Update* After contacting the company handling the liquidation, and even getting an e-mail from the former owner of R&S, we were refunded our full purchase price.   I'm sticking with the original rating only because people visiting the bankruptcy sale need to know they're not getting the same quality they would expect from the R&S name.
Literally the worst shopping experience I've ever had. The moment we walked in someone asked us what we were looking for (which is fine), but when we said we were "just looking around", we still got chased around the store with far too many follow-up questions. "what do you like" "do you want a sectional" "a chair" "what do you mean you don't know what you want" It was rude and intrusive. I don't know if they really believe that that sales technique works on people.
I had the same experience as a few others who have posted here.  The salesman pounced on me the second I walked in and wouldn't leave me alone.  It did not matter how disinterested I looked or how many times I walked away from him, he just kept following me.  The words "thanks, I'm just looking" meant nothing to him.  After about 15 minutes of this I just turned around and walked out while the salesman was in mid sentence.  Seeing as others have had the same experience, I have to believe this is store policy, to badger customers into buying something or annoy them out of the store.  What a great business model. On a side note I walked next door to the Roomstore and was allowed to browse all i liked.  The salespeople were available for questions but not overbearing like Lazyboy.  Will never go back.
We had the same experience as a few other reviewers. We actually felt like we were being stalked by the creepiest of all creepy sales ladies. She asked us a series of odd, rather personal questions. We walked the circle and actually found one that caught our interest and while we were talking about it she comes in guns a blazin with an information dump that made absolutely no sense. Maybe it was her first day on the job or something but we didn't stick around to find out. Not the worst shopping experience I've ever had but definitely in the top 3.
First let me begin by saying our salesman Steve was excellent! He was friendly, knew his stuff, and that portion was a 5 star.   The 2nd part is my 1 star rating in the department of false advertising. Posted everywhere this close to the holiday is SALE SALE SALE up to 50% off. Steve said it was an employee type of sale pricing that happens twice a year. We picked two items, put the 20% down, and just needed to proof the order online for delivery. We accidentally forgot our dimensions of measurements so we went online to check. Right online In black and white it said the couches we were buying were 1299 a piece including delivery the store's price on the specific items said 1599 a piece, and our invoice stated 1099 each, we got free delivery from the balloon pop special but the extended warranty put us above 1299 as stated online included everything. Reality is we didn't save the 3-400 per item, but in fact paying full retail!!!  I called the store to remove the extended warranty, which nobody could help me with, which in turn delayed our delivery date & only our sales rep could do this (Really), You can see my order, but you can't update it, thus delaying my delivery I asked about the online pricing versus the instore pricing and the guy (not Steve) specifically said they raise the prices on inventory 2 weeks before the sale to cosmetically make customers believe they are getting a huge savings & the website doesn't always update properly. Online is wrong, store is correct. I said to him "let me get this right, all year it is 1299" Yup, "1299 includes delivery" Yup, " & 2 weeks ago all stores jack up the prices & buying them at the all year price of 1299 from 1599 is done for cosmetic reasons to lead customers to believe they are getting a huge bargain" Yup, as he giggled & said delivery are balloon pop items to be included at the 1299 price, so all you are really saving is the delivery charge per item and since you are getting 2 items, they deduct it off both bringing your price down to 1099.  We love the couches we picked but will be canceling our order unless they honor the 1299 price and give us the 3-400 dollar savings as stated we saved. They probably figured I would never check or a small percentage does, just as I thought this review would be helpful to others.   Happy Holidays!!
We experienced it EXACTLY as the previews did.  Great sales help, nice furniture, high priced, TERRIBLE service.  Recliner arrived mis-wired (how can that be) and setting up service was a joke.  We requested "morning" service 2 weeks in advance of the service date and were told that "they'd do their best".  2 days before the service date, they told us that we'd see them in the afternoon.  When  I questioned this, I was told that there were more important customers who needed the morning slots.  Ok...Because of the change in times, I asked them to call a different number when coming out.  Nope, they could not handle that either.Never again.
We ordered 2 couches from Lazy Boy and I am very unhappy with the quality of the upholstery.  Esp on the arms.  I have never seen arms with puckers in them before in my 50+ years.  I even had Lazy Boy out to look at them and the tech said that is the way they work and that I should push the fabric to take out the lumps.  I can tell with my untrained eye, too much fabric was installed.The couch that faces out, also has spots underneath where the webbing is lose and can be visible.I will never order anything from Lazy Boy again.
I don't see what all the hype is about. It's literally just an over priced house section of target, urban outfitters and world market.
Out of my price range, but displayed glass items could use a cleaning andor dusting
If I could give negative stars I would. After this review, I'm writing the president of AA and if action is not taken to correct the disservice at this location, I will never be a AAA member again. (been one since 1999) I recently moved from TN and needed to transfer my title and register my Dodge Ram in PA.  This process is costly regardless of where you go, but adding $36+ for every transaction makes AAA the most expensive.  I'm willing to pay for people to deal with this inconvenience for me, but AAA has made it worse than going to the DMV.  Each and every clerk at this location is incompetent, uneducated, and aloof. I should know, I've dealt with at LEAST a dozen. Go to the DMV.For my very simple transaction, I've had to return to this location 7 (yes that is SEVEN!) times, and it still is not resolved. They've forgotten to request the title from my lien holder, issued the wrong plate for my vehicle, neglected to inform me of steps required by the state... I mean seriously, why would you pay $36 for EACH visit, just to get it wrong. Go to the DMV!Why did you return there if you were so unhappy, you might ask.  Well once you begin the process at one branch, you cannot transfer to any other branch. (We went to Monroeville to transfer my wife's car and it took 30 minutes, ONCE.) Go to Monroeville, or cancel your AAA membership and go to the DMV!!Oh, and 30 minutes that's a dream... I'm waited between 45 minutes and 3.5 HOURS at the East Liberty AAA. Prepare to take the day of work... nay, the WEEK in order to complete any transaction at this facility. Go to the DMV!!!!It has now been over 5 months since I started this process and it's still up in the air. they don't know what I still need to do, but they are happy to keep charging me to figure it out.  Save yourself hundreds of dollars and a weeks worth of lost wages and just GO TO THE DMV!!!!!!!! Yeah it might seem sterile and slow, but at least they aren't serial criminals. It'll be over with like waking up from a bad dream, instead of the reoccurring nightmare that is the East Liberty AAA.Oh, and if you think this is a harsh review... Call their number, 412-365-7196. 9 times out of 10 it just rings and rings.. once I timed it for more than 30 minutes before I got an answer (with no apology).  If you are in the AAA, you'll know I'm calling.  It's the constant ring in the background that NOBODY answers.
The lady in the office was not helpful at all and didn't even seem to understand anything including the English language. I made a reservation ahead of time online through OneStopParking for parking at Sundance. The woman said they had no record of my reservation - after she asked for my name several times which is an easy name, nonetheless, she could have just asked me for my ID instead of asking for my name almost 5 times. Then she asked me to email her my reservation which I did and she kept asking me what my rate was. I had a receipt that said I would owe $32 total for my parking fee. Plus side is the shuttle drivers know what they are doing and are very convenient. When I checked out, they said I owed $42 which is $10 more than the prepaid parking I had arranged = and no, I did not use any additional time = my flights were on time and I actually had my car parked there less time than I had booked for myself at the $32 rate. Very disappointed with this company, I hope they either get their act together or go out of business. POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE SKILLS when I asked them to refund my $10. Thanks a ton stupid parking Nazis.
If you have any sort of complaint whatsoever expect management to laugh at you and then hang up the phone.
This review is for the Travel Agency department. I went to ask for information about a possible trip I was planning.My agent was all business and NO friendliness. NONE. She hardly even made eye contact after she kept me waiting 10 minutes after our appointment. I told her what I was looking for, she called someone, (I have no idea who), gave me the prices the other person quoted her. Then said if I had any other questions, that I would have to contact a fellow AAA agent because she was going to Australia and would be unavailable. When I asked for a copy of her notes, she seemed bothered. I guess I was expected to memorize the quotes she had given me. Needless to say--- I WON'T be booking with AAA travel any time in the future.
Not satisfied at all with this service! I got a flyer in the mail about a membership, didn't pay it any attention. Since I was planning a trip to Disneyland with my husband and 4 year old son I thought I would see if they offered discounts on tickets. I called the local office and spoke to Keith. He didn't know if they did, so he put me hold to find out. He then came back on the line and said that if I bought the tickets at their office I would get a free parking pass. So, I bought a membership because I saw they other perks. I went on their website and saw that they offered a coupon book at the Galleria Mall. I went to the galleria mall and inquired about the coupon book at the customer service desk they informed me that they no longer do that. I was very dissatisfied with that. I then went the other day to buy the Disneyland tickets at the office, and was told that they only sold 2, 3 or four day passes. I was not told that by Keith when I talked to him on the phone that got me very frustrated. I then called to talk to a supervisor, the supervisor pretty much blamed me for the mistake I said I should've asked if they were two, three or four day passes. I told her that was not the appropriate way to handle the situation and that she was making excuses for her representatives. We argued for a few minutes on the phone. She then said she would check to see if there were any discounts available at Disneyland for one day tickets. And that she would call me back. It has been three days and I have not heard back from her. It seems to me as if they don't care and all they wanted to do was make a sale,and already twice I have been dissatisfied with perks that was supposed to be available with this membership. The only perk I am using at this point is a discount on the room for Disneyland trip.  But at this point the customer service does not even deserve one star!
This is the second time I have had bad service and the second time leaving a bad review. I called the office to inquire about their travel services. I got a voicemail of course. I was contacted later that evening and she told me that if I was purchasing airline tickets that there is a $40 charge! I said "well, just another reason to be dissatisfied with your services". She replied "it's not us, it's the airlines". Then hung up on me. No goodbye or anything! WOW great customer service!! I think it's about time for a refund for what I was ripped off with this membership!! Absolutely NO stars!!!
I went in there not once, but TWICE in the last three months, looking for help with my trip to Europe in October.  Both times they took my number, asked what I was looking for, and then said they would call me, that they were "working on trips that were coming sooner."  It's now July, I booked everything myself, they suck.
so, as an auto owner, i've had nothing but good experiences with AAA, from Georgia to NM to California to Mass, and back home to AZ, never a problem. it's the travel department that nearly screwed us for our wedding. way back when, we looked into destination weddings with a AAA AZ branch. our rep always said "i'm looking into it, i'll call you tomorrow" and then a week later, i'd call to ask what the hold up was and was met by the same thing. a month passes by and we find out that rep was fired. so we've got plenty of time and decide to go to a different AAA AZ branch, the one on Glendale Ave. We were greeted with smiles and elations by their travel rep who said she had a great deal of experience with destination weddings and she would handle EVERYTHING to make our experience hassle free and a joy to remember. said she did the same trip (although not for a wedding) for a group of friends every year, so she "knew what she was doing". things went sour from there. we hardly EVER received return phone calls on time. all the guests we invited that were to book through this AAA branch never received phone calls back. so every-single-one of our guests did their own booking with the hotel and airlines....not just 1-2 guests, all of them. and when we pressed her about this, it was always "oh, my system crashed" or "oh, my phone wasn't working"....come on!fast forward to a week before our trip departure...for our wedding and honeymoon. still no word from the AAA rep. Three days before, we FINALLY get confirmation. you want to see stressed how about a bride and groom having to wait till the last minute to find out if all their rooms and flights were booked after paying everything up frontbut the proverbial icing on the cake we were advised to have our invitees "donate" a wedding gift to our wedding through the AAA travel website. that way, those guest that couldn't attend could still give us something and at the end, we'd get a check. unfortunately, it wasn't that easy. at no point were we informed that 10% of "donations" would be kept by AAA. furthermore, my now wife has had to make numerous calls to the AAA office to actually get our wedding "donation" check. it was always "they're cutting the check today"...a week later...."they're cutting the check today", etc. to summarize, i'll keep my AAA for cars only. their travel department was probably one of the most unprofessional, unorganized, and untimely departments i've ever had to deal with. we would've saved ourselves a boat load of stress by doing it ourselves.
I've been a AAA customer for 14 years in multiple states. I've never used their travel services but thought it might be worth it to try to book our destination wedding trip and airfare. Our agent was helpful in booking our room and plane tickets, but when our out-of-state guests tried to call they only got her voicemail....and no return calls. Multiple friends and family members would call my husband and I stressed out that our travel agent from AAA is not calling them back. When we questioned our agent, she claims she never received any voicemails or that her "system was down". When our resort no longer had vacancies, she was unhelpful in assisting one of my guests in finding another resort nearby. She basically told her she didn't know what else was around. Isn't this the job of a travel agent I will tell you that all 15 of our guests booked their airfare and resort stay ON THEIR OWN. Our travel agent did not assist a single one in booking. She became tardy with emails and follow ups and difficult to get in contact with. She had suggested we register with AAA's Gift of Travel wedding registry without telling us that AAA will charge us a percentage of our wedding gifts as a fee. When I confronted her with this after the fact she wouldn't return my emails. When it finally came down to retrieving this money that was our wedding gifts from our guests, she kept telling me the check already cut and sent out. This was June 1st. I just received the check on July 19th, after having to follow up multiple times with the branch manager. It's one thing for my husband and I to have to deal with this hassle, but no bride and groom wants to make things difficult for their guests. We were very disappointed.
I just want to complain the guy who came for  --- supposed to be ---  "service." He was rude from the beginning, as not listened to me, or communicate me (from the beginning - I know everything and you don't know anything attitude).  I explain why I want to change the tire (I do not feel safe to drive & handle is heavy) but he did not change. He was rude and not explain well why he did not change.  SO, I would like to complain his attitude and tried to write down the name and ID.  He hide the ID in the pocket. I tried to see the number and tried to pulled the ID from the pocket, he shouted at me "DON'T TOUCH ME," even I do not touch him at all. He states "YOU KNOW, I'M NOT GONNA CHANGE THE TIRE & I CALL BOSS.  Why did he need to hide the ID... I believe if he did nothing wrong, he can show me his ID. I called the dispatch and complained his attitude. He also called the company to complain about me with the twisted story, such as "she grabbed me," "she said -  do not change the tire," but no word about I was trying to see his ID. Dispatcher told me to let him changed the tire and wanted to talk to him. I passed my phone to him and he complains me about again lot of lie to protect him.  Besides, he states to the dispatcher "put a note that this customer is rude" in front of me.  I used more than a couple times AAA road service but never had this kind of rude guy. I've never complain their service even waiting for a long time under AZ heat in the summer (one time I waited for 2 hours).  I liked the service before but anymore. He was totally jerk.
Thanks for leaving me stranded in a busy road for 1.5 hours.  I enjoyed almost being hit multiple times by careless drivers!  I called at 5:20pm.  I called again at 5:50pm.  Was told that I could expect the truck by 7:45pm, but AAA was willing to expedite for me to 6:45.  I guess it didn't matter that my car was in the roadway, partially blocking traffic. The tow driver didn't get the request until 6:30pm.  So... it took AAA over an hour to make the request  Unbelievable.Up to this point, I have never had a problem, but I had been in safe locations (parking lots).  I guess customers in safe locations get preferred treatment over those stuck in an active lane of traffic.
I have cancelled my 30 year association with AAA because of real concerns over AAA's management ability.The issue starts with an initial 3 hour wait for towing. The call was cancelled by me because of the late hour and the very high 10PM heat (Arizona).  We were first told by a customer service rep that there would be a one hour wait. This was changed to 15 to 20 minutes. After a no show and a call by me  the time was changed to an additional hour and subsequently one more hour.The next morning an initial call gave us a one hour wait for a tow. When calling customer service we were told that the tow company was on site. When the agent was told that there was no tow vehicle on site and following a 5 minute hold we were told that there would be an additional hour's wait.We found an alternative tow company.My concerns and why I cancelled my membership:1. Our customer service rep repeatedly had to call a "dispatcher" for updated arrival information. The service rep was parroting what he was told by the "dispatcher." CONCERN: The dispatcher probably had no concern about feeding the rep accurate information. This could be because of 1) poor operational procedures or 2) the dispatcher has no responsibility for customer service and is insulated from the customer by the service rep. This could reflect poor internal communications and priorities within AAA.2. The changes in the wait times was explained by the fact that there was a high volume of service calls.CONCERN:  The dispatcher had no control over its' vendors (towing companies)This could be be because 1) poor operational management allowed vendors to change arrival times at will or 2) AAA has reduced the number of vendors for cost cutting or profit reasons. or 3) AAA has limited ability to plan its' operational requirements. 3) Placing a buffer (the service rep) between the customer and the Dispatcher allows the operational management the ability to operate without concerns for the customer. The service rep had no real idea as to the status of the arrival of our tow truck.In fact, right or wrong, none of these issues are my concern. As a customer we we stuck in a parking lot in high heat  with no anticipation of relief. Obviously we found a place of safety while waiting but my concern is what if there had been no place of safety.Other notes:While waiting I called Membership Services. The first four automated prompts referred to ways to join AAA or improve membership standings. (spend more money.) The 5th prompt allowed access to a sales person. This person was located in Las Vegas.Why I cancelled my membership:1) I had previously retained AAA membership as a primary agency to call if I had an automobile problem. I am backed up by: my auto insurance company, 2 credit card companies and an extended warranty policy that provide emergency automobile services.  I kept AAA, at added expense, because I had thought that their years of experience would serve them well in providing Emergency Services.CONCERN: I have cancelled my membership because I believe that AAA has changed its' priorities with regards  to operational procedures and customer service.2) The alternative emergency service that we called gave us an arrival time for a tow and then gave us the telephone number of the vendor that would provide the service.CONCERN: For unknown reasons this option was not offered by AAA. I will add that in the past this was offered.CONCLUSION:I recommend that users consider alternative methods of contracting for Emergency Road Services.
I've been a member of aaa since 1984 with cal state aaa and az aaa I haven't used roadside assistance much. Unfortunately when I need az aaa they let me down. All they seem to do is send out requests to upgrade or do add ons. I figured since I'm in the 6 largest city in the USA  plus service would be good enough. Apparently maybe if I was in the premiere group I wouldn't be sitting on a neighborhood sidewalk for more than an hour and a half. It's sad because I'm about a mile from the corp hq on cback and 24.
I called AAA and received new quote and policy from agent, everything seemed fine until I called him back and asked him to add on a new car that we bought. He wanted me to hang up and call a 1-800 number to add new car to policy. I ask him " I thought you were my agent" and he replies " I am but there are not really anymore insurance companies out there where the agent does all the work, I'm here to answer all of your policy questions, ,f you want to add on a new car you have to call separate number". Mind you, I emailed him and gave him the vehicle information to be added. In the end he ends up emailing me the new insurance card, turns out he can do it. What kind of service is this I miss my old retired insurance agent in Texas, this would have been unacceptable.
Called on March 17 to start the process on planning a vacation to Scandinavia.  We discussed getting information about airfare, hotels, touring fjords in Norway, and getting between Oslo, Copenhagen, Stockholm, and Helsinki.  Sue told me that she wouldn't be able to start working on it until the next day.  By March 19, I still had not heard anything, so I called her and was told she had "just" started working on it.  Finally got an e-mail from her on March 21 with airfare and basic hotel information.  I e-mailed her back on March 22 to ask about the information regarding the other things we had talked about (touring fjords and getting between the cities) and still have not heard from her, four days later.It has now been over a week, and I still haven't been able to plan a vacation through them.  Communication has been terrible-to-non-existent.
White bread, old Original lays potatoes chips.... feel like im eating in 1980 with Kid Rock or something.  If I'm paying for an expensive convention you could at least give us some healthier food that tastes better.  Wifi Their internet connection you cant have over 100 users on at a time or pay $99 a day for some other connection associated with the convention.
A tired convention center in need of a tear down and remake. A bad rat maze layout and some bathrooms in need of serious steam cleaning and updating.The worst was the food court. In this case, "Food" however is a stretch. The choices there overpriced and disgusting. They can get away with it because there is literally zero nearby competition other than the Hilton's restaurants, which are suspect also.Also the traffic can be a nightmare with a big convention. If you take a taxi, you sit there watching your meter go up up up as you wait to get in and out of this dump.Verdict: for how many conventions end up here, this place should be a lot better than its 3rd world state.
No veggie anything at the grill and Fox on every TV. Enjoy.
Where do I start! This  place is the biggest piece of shit convention center I have ever been too. I was here for Lightfair as an exhibitor and will never come back. They only turn on the air conditioning during the show. When you are setting up and immediately when the show is over, they turn it off. It's 100 degrees out and everyone is sweating their ass off trying to get their booths set up and torn down. The bathrooms are disgusting with piss everywhere and the whole place is just filthy. At the end of the show, our shipping crate was brought to us and looked like it was dropped off of a building. We spent at least two hours trying to repair it enough so that we could ship it back east. I took pictures of the damage and as I am doing this, some loser security guard comes over and tells me I can't take pictures and wanted me to delete them from my camera. So it's okay that everyone is taking pictures at the show, but once it's over and everyone is crating their displays, it's not What the fuck sense does that make! I just looked at him and shook my head. Can somebody please explain their rationale for this I can understand if I was in a strip club and I was asked not to take pictures, but this is ridiculous! As we were leaving, we gave a final double fuck you finger to the convention center. Good riddance and I will never exhibit here again!